Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 13
Scene: The apartment. Howard is looking at his mobile phone.
Howard: Ooh, more details about the new Star Trek film. There’s going to be a scene depicting
Spock’s birth.
Raj: I’d be more interested in a scene depicting Spock’s conception.
Sheldon: Oh, please. For Vulcans, mating, or, if you will, Pon Farr, it’s an extremely private matter.
Leonard: Still, I’d like to know the details. His mother was human, his father was Vulcan, they
couldn’t just conceive.
Howard: Maybe they had to go to a clinic. Imagine Spock’s dad in a little room with a copy of pointy
ears and shapely rears.
Raj: How come on Star Trek everybody’s private parts are the same. No alien lady ever told Captain
Kirk, hey, get your thing out of my nose.
Penny (entering): Hi, can you help me, I was writing an email and the A key got stuck. Now it’s just
going “aaaaaaa”.
Leonard: What did you spill on it?
Penny: Nothing. Diet coke. And yoghurt. A little nail polish.
Leonard: I’ll take a look at it.
Howard: Gentlemen, switching to local nerd news. Fishman, Chen, Chowdry, McNair aren’t fielding
a team in the university physics bowl this year.
Leonard: You’re kidding, why not?
Howard: They formed a barbershop quartet, and got a gig playing Knotsbury Farm.
Penny: Wow, so in your world, you’re like, the cool guys.
Howard: Recognise.
Leonard: This is our year! With those guys out, the entire physics bowl will kneel before Zod.
Penny: Zod?
Howard: Kryptonian villain. Long story.
Raj: Good story. (Clasps hands to mouth in shock.)
Sheldon: Well count me out.
Howard: What? Why?
Sheldon: You want me to use my intelligence in a tawdry competition? Would you ask Picasso to play
Pictionary? Would you ask Noah Webster to play Boggle? Would you ask Jacques Cousteau to play
Go Fish?

Leonard: Come on, you need a four person team, we’re four people.
Sheldon: By that reasoning we should also play bridge, hold up a chuppah and enter the Olympic
bobsled competition.
Penny: I want tickets to that please.
Leonard: Sheldon, what, do I need to quote Spock’s dying words to you.
Sheldon: No, don’t.
Leonard: The needs of the many.
Howard: Outweigh the needs of the few.
Sheldon: Or the one. Dammit, I’ll do it.
Credits sequence
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Okay. First order of physics bowl business. We need a truly kick-ass team name. Suggestions.
Howard: How about the perpetual motion squad? It’s beyond the laws of physics, plus a little heads
up for the ladies.
Leonard: The ladies?
Howard: Perpetual motion squad, we can go all night.
Raj: I like it.
Sheldon: I don’t. Teams are traditionally named after fierce creatures, thus intimidating ones opponent.
Raj: Then we can be the Bengal Tigers.
Sheldon: Poor choice. Gram for gram, no animal exceeds the relative fighting strength of the army ant.
Raj: Maybe so. But you can’t incinerate a Bengal Tiger with a magnifying glass.
Leonard: Let’s put it to a vote. All those in favour….
Sheldon: Point of order. I move that any vote on team names should be unanimous. No man should be
forced to emblazon his chest with the bengal tiger, when common sense dictates it should be an army
ant.
Leonard: Will the gentleman from the great state of denial yield for a question?
Sheldon: I will yield.
Leonard: After we go through the exercise of an annoying series of votes, all of which the gentleman
will lose, does he then intend to threaten to quit if he does not get his way?
Sheldon: He does.
Leonard: I move we are the Army Ants, all those in favour?
Scene: The apartment.

Penny: Good afternoon, and welcome to today’s physics bowl practice round. I’m Penny, and I’ll be
your host, because apparently I didn’t have anything else to do on a Saturday afternoon, and isn’t that
just a little sad? Gentlemen, are you ready?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Of course.
Howard: Fire away. (Raj puts his thumb up.)
Penny: You know, it’s none of my business, but isn’t a guy who can’t speak in front of women going
to hold you back a little?
Leonard: Oh, uh, he’ll be okay once the women are mixed into the crowd. He only has a problem
when they’re one on one and smell nice.
Penny: Oh, thanks Raj, it’s vanilla oil.
Leonard: I was actually the one who noticed, okay, let’s just start.
Penny: Okay, the first question is on the topic of optics. What is the shortest light pulse ever produced?
Dr Cooper.
Sheldon: And of course, the answer is 130 adoseconds.
Penny: That is correct.
Leonard: I knew that too.
Penny: Good for you, sweetie. Okay, next question. What is the quantum mechanical effect used to
encode data on hard disk drives? Howard.
Sheldon: And of course, the answer is giant magneto resistance.
Penny: Right.
Howard: Hey, I buzzed in.
Sheldon: But I answered, it’s called teamwork.
Howard: Don’t you think I should answer the engineering questions? I am an engineer.
Sheldon: By that logic I should answer all the anthropology questions because I’m a mammal.
Leonard: Just ask another one.
Penny: Okay. What artificial satellite has seen glimpses of Einsteins predicted frame dragging? (Raj
buzzes.)
Sheldon: And of course it’s Gravity Probe B.
Leonard: Sheldon, you have to let somebody else answer.
Sheldon: Why?
Penny: Because it’s polite.
Sheldon: What do manners have to do with it? This is war. Were the Romans polite when they salted
the ground of Carthage to make sure nothing would ever grow again?

Penny: Leonard, you said I only had to ask questions.
Sheldon: The objective of the competition is to give correct answers, if I know them, why shouldn’t I
give them?
Howard: Some of us might have the correct answers too.
Sheldon: Oh please, you don’t even have a PhD.
Howard: Alright, that’s it.
Leonard: Howard, sit down.
Howard: Okay.
Leonard: maybe we should take a little break.
Sheldon: Good idea, I need my wrist brace, all this button pushing is aggravating my old Nintendo
injury.
Howard (after Raj whispers in his ear): I agree.
Penny: What did he say?
Howard: He compared Sheldon to a disposable feminine cleansing product one might use on a
summer’s eve.
Penny: Yeah, and the bag it came in.
Scene: The same, later. Sheldon is on his laptop. Leonard enters.
Sheldon: Leonard, excellent, I want to show you something.
Leonard: Can it wait, I need to talk to you.
Sheldon: Just look. I’ve designed the perfect uniforms for our team. The colours are based on Star
Trek, the original series. The three of you will wear support red, and I will wear command gold.
Leonard: Why do they say AA?
Sheldon: Army Ants.
Leonard: Isn’t that confusing? AA might mean something else to certain people.
Sheldon: Why would a physics bowl team be called anodised aluminium?
Leonard: No, I meant…. never mind. Hey, check it out. I got you a Batman cookie jar!
Sheldon: Oh neat, what’s the occasion?
Leonard: Well, you’re a friend, and you like Batman, and cookies, and you’re off the team.
Sheldon: What?
Leonard: Howard, Raj and I just had a team meeting.
Sheldon: No you didn’t.
Leonard: Yes we did, I just came from it.

Sheldon: Okay, I don’t know where you just came from, but it couldn’t have been a team meeting
because I’m on the team and I wasn’t there, ergo the team did not meet.
Leonard: Okay, let me try it this way, uh, I was at a coffee klatch with a couple of friends and one
thing led to another and it turns out you’re off the team.
Sheldon: Why?
Leonard: Because you’re taking all the fun out of it.
Sheldon: Well, I’m sorry, is the winner of the physics bowl the team that has the most fun?
Leonard: Okay, let me try it this way, you’re annoying and no-one wants to play with you any more.
Sheldon: I see. Well. At this point I should inform you that I intend to form my own team and destroy
the molecular bonds that bind your very matter together, and reduce the resulting particulate chaos to
tears.
Leonard: Thanks for the heads up.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. One more thing.
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: It’s on, bitch.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: So who’d he get to be on his team.
Leonard: He won’t say. He just smiles, and eats macaroons out of his bat jar.
Raj: He’s using psychological warfare. We must reply in kind. I say we wait until he looks at us, then
laugh like, yes, you are a smart and strong competitor, but we are also smart and strong and we have a
reasonable chance of defeating you.
Leonard: How exactly would that laugh go?
Raj: Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee!
Howard: That sounds more like, we are a tall thin woman who wants to make a coat out of your
Dalmatians.
Leonard: Guys, let’s remember that Sheldon is still our friend and my room mate.
Howard: So?
Leonard: So nothing, let’s destroy him.
Sheldon (walking past): Gentlemen.
Raj: Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee!
Howard: Okay, we’re going to need a strong fourth for our team.
Raj: You know who’s apparently very smart, is the girl who played TV’s Blossom. She got a PhD in
neuroscience or something.
Leonard: Raj, we’re not getting TV’s Blossom to join our physics bowl team.

Raj: How about the girl from the Wonder Years?
Howard: Gentlemen, I believe I’ve found the solution to all our problems.
Leonard: We can’t ask Leslie Winkle.
Raj: Why? Because you slept together and when she was done with you she discarded you like last
night’s chutney?
Leonard: Yes.
Howard: Sometimes you’ve got to take one for the team.
Raj: Yeah. Sack up, dude.
Leonard: Fine. Here I go, taking one for the team. In the sack. Hey Leslie.
Leslie: Hi guys.
Leonard: Leslie, I have a question for you, and it might be a little awkward, you know, given that I…
Howard: Hit that thang.
Leslie: Leonard, there’s no reason to feel uncomfortable just because we’ve seen each other’s faces
and naked bodies contorted in the sweet agony of coitus.
Leonard: There’s not? Gee, cos it sure sounds like there should be.
Leslie: Rest assured that any aspects of our sexual relationship regarding your preferences, your
idiosyncrasies, your performance, are still protected by the inherent confidentiality of the bedroom.
Leonard: That’s all very comforting, but if it’s okay, I’d like to get on with my question now.
Leslie: Proceed.
Leonard: We are entering the physics bowl and we need a fourth for our team.
Leslie: No thanks, I’m really busy with my like sign dilepton super symmetry search.
Howard: Dilepton, schmilepton, we need you.
Leslie: Sorry.
Howard: Well, we tried. Just have to face Sheldon mano-e-mano-e-mano. A-mano.
Leslie: Wait, you’re going up against Sheldon Cooper?
Howard: Yes.
Leslie: That arrogant, misogynistic East-Texas doorknob that told me I should abandon my work with
high energy particles for laundry and child bearing?
Leonard: She’s in.
Scene: The Physics Bowl.
Penny: So, how do you feel? Nice and loose? Come to play? Got your game face on? (The guys look
confused.) Are you ready?

Leonard: Oh, yeah. You know you don’t have to stay for the whole thing.
Penny: Oh, no, no, I want to. It sounds really interesting.
Sheldon (entering in his Star Trek themed shirt): Gentlemen.
Leonard: Sheldon.
Howard: Sheldon.
Raj: Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee.
Penny: Sheldon. I’m just going to sit down.
Leonard: So, is that your team.
Sheldon: Actually, I don’t need a team, I could easily defeat you single-handedly. But the rules
require four, so may I introduce, the third floor janitor, he lady from the lunchroom, and, my Spanish
is not good, either her son or her butcher. And what about your team? What rat have you recruited to
the SS Sinking Ship?
Leslie: Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Leslie Winkle?
Leslie: Yeah, Leslie Winkle. The answer to the question, who made Sheldon Cooper cry like a little
girl?
Sheldon: Yes, well, I’m polymerised tree sap and you’re non-organic adhesive so, whatever verbal
projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me, returns on its original trajectory, and
adheres to you.
Leslie: Oh, ouch.
Dr Gablehouser: Okay, if everyone could please take your seats.
Leonard: Here’s your tee-shirt. (Hands her a tee-shirt with PMS on it. Takes jacket off to reveal
similar.)
Leslie: PMS? It’s a couple of days early, but…
Leonard: No, it stands for Perpetual Motion Squad.
Leslie: Oh, right, of course, what was I thinking?
Gablehouser: Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to this year’s physics bowl. Today’s
preliminary match features two great teams… AA versus PMS.
Howard: All night long, y’all! (Stands and turns round to reveal the back of the tee-shirt which reads
“We Can Go All Night”.)
Gablehouser: Okay, well let’s jump right in, first question, for ten points. What is the isospan singlet
partner of the Pi Zero Meson? (Buzz) PMS?
Leonard: The Eta Meson.
Gablehouser: Correct.
Sheldon: Formal protest.

Gablehouser: On what grounds?
Sheldon: The Velcro on my wrist brace caught on my shirt.
Gablehouser: Denied. Alright, for ten points, what is the lightest element on earth with no stable
isotope. (Buzz) AA?
Sheldon: And of course, the answer is Technetium.
Gablehouser: Terrific. Next question, what is the force between two uncharged plates due to quantum
vacuum fluctuation. (Buzz) PMS?
Raj: Sheldon can suck on, the Casimir Effect.
Gablehouser: Correct.
(Time shift)
Gablehouser: How does a quantum computer factor large numbers. (Buzz) PMS?
Leslie: Shor’s Algorithm.
Gablehouser: Correct.
(Time shift)
Sheldon: 4.1855 times ten to the seventh ergs per calorie.
(Time shift)
Leonard: Prevost’s theory of exchanges.
(Time shift)
Sheldon: Lamda equals one over Pi R squared N
(Time shift)
Howard: 760 degrees celsius, the approximate temperature of the young lady in the front row.
Gablehouser: Mr Wolowitz, this is your second warning.
(Time shift)
Sheldon: A sigma particle.
(Time shift)
Leslie: Yes, assuming the hypothetical planet has a mass greater than the earth.
Gablehouser: Correct. Ladies and gentlemen, I hold in my hand the final question. The score now
stands AA 1150, PMS 1175. So, for one hundred points, and the match, please turn your attention to
the formula on the screens. Solve the equation.
Raj: Holy crap.
Leonard: What the hell is that.
Howard: It looks like something they found on the ship at Roswell.

Leonard: Come on, think, Leslie.
Leslie: Leonard, it’s not going to work if you rush me, you have to let me get there.
Leonard: You’re never going to let that go, are you?
Gablehouser: Ten seconds. (Buzz) PMS.
Leonard: Sorry, I panicked.
Howard: Then guess.
Leonard: Um, eight. (Gablehouser stares at him.) Point four.
Gablehouser: I’m sorry, that’s incorrect. AA, if you can answer correctly, the match is yours.
Howard: He doesn’t have it. He’s got squat.
(Sheldon looks more and more uncomfortable, so much he is involuntarily twitching.)
Gablehouser: AA, I need your answer. (Buzz)
Third Floor Janitor: The answer is minus eight by alpha.
Sheldon: Hang on, hang on a second, that’s not our answer. What are you doing?
Third Floor Janitor: Answering question. Winning physics bowl.
Sheldon: How do you know anything about physics?
Third Floor Janitor: Here I am janitor, in former Soviet Union I am physicist. Leningrad Politechnica.
Go Polar Bears.
Sheldon: Well that’s a delightful little story, but our arrangement was that you sit here and not say
anything, I answer the questions.
Third Floor Janitor: You didn’t answer question.
Sheldon: Hey look, now maybe you have democracy now in your beloved Russia, but on this physics
bowl team I rule with an iron fist. (Makes fist in the air). Ow!
Gablehouser: AA, I need your official answer.
Sheldon: Well it’s not what he said.
Gablehouser: Then what is it?
Sheldon: I want a different question.
Gablehouser: You can’t have a different question.
Sheldon: Formal protest.
Gablehouser: Denied.
Sheldon: Informal protest.
Gablehouser: Denied. I need your official answer.
Sheldon: No. I decline to provide one.

Gablehouser: Well, that’s too bad, because the answer your teammate gave was correct.
Sheldon: That’s your opinion.
Gablehouser: Alright, the winner of the match is…
Leonard: Hang on. Sheldon, is proving that you are single-handedly smarter than everyone else so
important that you would rather lose by yourself than win as part of a team.
Sheldon: I don’t understand the question.
Leonard: Go ahead.
Gablehouser: The winner is PMS!
(We Are The Champions by Queen plays as the team celebrate in slow motion and Sheldon puts his
head in his hands. The celebration ends with Howard on his knees ripping his shirt in half and waving
it round his head before throwing it to the audience.)
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon goes to sit in his spot.
Leonard: Sorry, somebody’s sitting there.
Sheldon: Who?
Leonard: My Physics Bowl Trophy!
Sheldon: That trophy is meaningless, I forfeited, therefore you did not win.
Leonard: I know someone who would disagree.
Sheldon: Who?
Leonard: My Physics Bowl Trophy! (In weird voice) “Leonard is so smart, Sheldon who?”
Sheldon: Alright that is very immature.
Leonard: You’re right, I’m sorry. (In voice, waving trophy in Sheldon’s face) I’m not!
Penny (entering): Okay, new contest.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Penny: I’m settling once and for all who is the smartest around here. Okay, are you ready?
Sheldon: Absolutely.
Leonard: Bring it on.
Penny: Okay. Marsha, Jan and Cindy were the three daughters of what TV family? (They stare at her.)
The Brady Bunch. Okay, Sammy Hagar replaced David Lee Roth as the lead singer in what group?
Sheldon (after they look at each other in confusion): The Brady Bunch?
Penny: Van Halen. Alright, Madonna was married to this Ridgemont High alum. (Pause) Oh my God,
Sean Penn!
Leonard: How do you know these things?

Penny: I go outside and I talk to people. Alright, here, what actor holds the record for being named
people magazine’s sexiest man alive?
Sheldon: William Shatner.
Leonard: Wait, I don’t think it’s Shatner.
Sheldon: Then it’s got to be Patrick Stewart.
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Formal protest.
Penny: Alright, singer who sang “Oops I Did It Again.” (Sheldon starts involuntarily twitching again.)
Okay, Tweetie Bird, taught he taw a what?
Sheldon (after they pass a smug look between each other): Romulan.
Penny: Yes. He taught he taw a Romulan.
(Sheldon and Leonard do a victory hand slide.)

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 14
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Well, this sandwich is an unmitigated disaster. I asked for turkey and roast beef with lettuce
and swiss on wholewheat.
Raj: What did they give you?
Sheldon: Turkey and roast beef with swiss and lettuce on wholewheat. It’s the right ingredients but in
the wrong order. In a proper sandwich the cheese is adjacent to the bread to create a moisture barrier
against the lettuce. They might as well have dragged this thing through a car wash.
Leonard: I don’t believe it.
Sheldon: I know, it’s basic culinary science.
Leonard: Some guy is auctioning off a miniature time machine prop from the original film and no-one
is bidding on it.
Howard: A time machine from the movie The Time Machine?
Leonard: No, a time machine from Sophie’s Choice.
Raj: Boy, Sophie could have used a time machine in that movie. Did you see it, it’s rough.
Howard: Oh, that’s cool.
Leonard: Uh-huh.
Raj: It’s only $800?
Leonard: Yeah. And that’s my bid.
Sheldon: You bid $800.
Leonard: It was a spur of the moment thing, I figured it would go for thousands and I just wanted to
be a part of it.
Sheldon: There’s only 30 seconds left in the auction.
Howard: Do you have $800?
Leonard: Not to blow on a miniature time machine.
Howard: Don’t worry, the way these things work there’s people waiting ‘til the last second to bid, and
then they swoop in and get it, it’s called sniping.
Raj: Fifteen seconds.
Leonard: Come on, snipers.
Raj: Ten, nine, eight…
Leonard: Where are your snipers?

Raj: Five.
Leonard: Snipe.
Raj: Four.
Leonard: Snipe.
Raj: Three.
Leonard: Snipe!
Raj: Two.
Leonard: SNIPE!
Raj: One.
Leonard: Aaaa-aw!
Raj: Congratulations, you are the proud owner of a miniature time machine.
Howard: You lucky duck.
Sheldon: I wonder why no-one else bid, this is a classic piece of sci-fi movie memorabilia.
Leonard: Yeah, I know, I still can’t afford it.
Howard: Why don’t we share it? We’ll each put in two hundred bucks and we’ll take turns having it
in our homes.
Raj: A time share time machine? I’m in. Sheldon?
Sheldon: Need you ask? But I still don’t understand why no-one else bid.
Scene: The lobby. The guys stand around a full sized time machine.
Sheldon: I understand why no-one else bid.
Credits sequence
Scene: The same
Raj: Did the listing actually say miniature?
Leonard: I just assumed. Who sells a full sized time machine for $800?
Sheldon: In a venn diagram, that would be an individual located within the intersection of the sets “no
longer want my time machine” and “need $800”.
Howard: It’s actually a tremendous bargain, even with shipping it works out to less than four dollars a
pound.
Raj: Cocktain shrimp are $12.50.
Leonard: How are we going to get it upstairs?
Howard: If we take the dish off it might fit in the elevator.
Leonard: Yes but the elevator’s been broken for two years.

Sheldon: I’ve been meaning to ask you, do you think we should make a call about that?
Howard: Not necessary, I have a masters in engineering, I remotely repair satellites on a regular basis.
I troubleshoot space shuttle payloads. When the Mars rover started pulling to the left I performed a
front end alignment from 62 million miles away. (Presses lift button. Nothing happens.) No, that
baby’s broken.
Scene: The stairwell, approaching the apartment door. Leonard and Sheldon are pulling the time
machine up the last part of the stairs.
Leonard: Come on, guys, push.
Howard (off): If I push any harder I’m going to give birth to my colon.
Raj (off): I can’t feel my fingers, hurry up.
Sheldon: It’s the same amount of work no matter how fast you go, basic physics.
Raj: Sheldon?
Sheldon: Yeah.
Raj: If my fingers ever work again, I’ve got a job for the middle one.
Penny (coming out of her apartment): Oh, hey guys.
Leonard (letting go of time machine, as does Sheldon): Uh, hi Penny. (Raj and Howard are heard to
scream as the time machine slides back down the stairs.) Take a break, guys!
Penny: What are you doing?
Leonard: Oh, just, you know, moving… something upstairs.
Penny: What is it?
Leonard: It’s… you know, time machine.
Penny: Yeah, okay, neat, but I really got to get to work, so….
Leonard: Uh, just give us a few minutes.
Penny: I don’t have a few minutes, I’m running really late.
Sheldon: Then I have a simple solution, go up to the roof, hop over to the next building, there’s a
small gap, don’t look down if you’re subject to vertigo, and use their stairwell.
Penny: You’re joking, right?
Sheldon: Oh, I never joke when it comes to vertigo.
Penny: Damn, okay, I’ll just take the roof.
Leonard: Hey, if you wait for us to set up the time machine, I can drop you off at work yesterday.
Time travel joke, it’s not… never mind.
Sheldon: For what it’s worth, I thought it was humorous.
Leonard: Let’s just do this. Guys, ready to push?

Raj: In a minute. Howard stepped outside to throw up.
Scene: The living room. The time machine is set up.
Sheldon: I don’t know what you were worried about. I think it really works in the room.
Leonard: Yeah. It is by far the coolest thing I have ever owned.
Sheldon: The exact time machine that carried actor Rod Taylor from Victorian England into the postapocalyptic future, which society had splintered into two factions, the sub-terranean Morlocks, who
survived by feasting on the flesh of the gentle surface dwelling Eloy.
Howard: Talk about your chick magnets.
Raj: Oh yeah. The guy who lives next to me is always like, I have a Jacuzzi on my balcony, I have a
Jacuzzi on my balcony. But wait until I tell him, I’ve got a time machine on my balcony. Stuff that in
your speedos, Jacuzzi Bob!
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I know we said we’d take turns, but I think you’d agree that practicality dictates
it remain here.
Howard: You can’t just keep it here, what if I meet a girl and say, “you wanna come up and see my
time machine, it’s at my friends house,” how lame is that?
Raj: He’s got a point.
Sheldon: Alright, I think we’re going to need some ground rules, in addition to the expected no shoes
in the time machine and no eating in the time machine, I propose that we add pants must be worn at
all times in the time machine.
Leonard: Seconded.
Howard: I was going to put down a towel.
Raj: I still want it on my balcony. I say we move it on a bi-monthly basis.
Leonard: That sounds fair.
Sheldon: Hold on. Bi-monthly is an ambiguous term, do you mean move it every other month, or
twice a month?
Raj: Twice a month.
Sheldon: Then no.
Raj: Okay, every other month.
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Sheldon, you can’t be selfish, we all paid for it, so it belongs to all of us. Now out of the
way so I can sit in my time machine. (Sits and turns it on. The three lights on the front illuminate. All
let out an “oh”.) Okay, I am setting the dials for March 10th, 1876.
Howard: Good choice, Alexander Graham Bell invents the telephone and calls out for Dr Watson.
Sheldon: Wait a minute, I’d want to see that too.
Leonard: So, when it’s your turn you can.

Sheldon: But if we all go back to the same point in time, Bell’s lab is going to get very crowded, he’ll
know something’s up.
Raj: Also, since the time machine doesn’t move in space, you’ll end up in 1876 Pasadena.
Howard: And even if you can make it to Boston, what are you going to do, knock on the door and say
to Mrs Bell, “hey Mrs Bell, big fan of your husband, can I come in and watch him invent the
telephone?”
Raj: Mrs Bell was deaf, she’s not even going to hear you knock.
Sheldon: Oh, I have a solution, first go into the future and obtain a cloaking device.
Raj: Ooh, how far into the future?
Sheldon: If I remember correctly, Captain Kirk will steal a cloaking device from the Romulans on
Stardate 5027.3, which will be January 10th 2328 by pre-federation reckoning.
Leonard: Okay, I am setting the dials for January 10th, 2328. Here we go into the future. (Pulls lever,
the disk begins to spin. The other guys all run around the flat as if moving in fast motion.) That was
fun.
Raj: My turn.
Penny (entering): Okay, first of all, what you call a gap was nearly three feet wide, I slipped and
skinned my knee.
Leonard: Are you okay?
Penny: Zzz-zz-zz-zz! Second of all, the door to the stairwell of the other building was locked, so I had
to go down the fire escape which ends on the third floor, forcing me to crawl through the window of a
lovely Armenian family, who insisted I stay for lunch.
Leonard: That doesn’t sound too bad.
Penny: It was eight courses of lamb, and they tried to fix me up with their son.
Leonard: Sorry.
Penny: Not done. By the time I finally got to work, they’d given my shift away. Yeah, that’s right,
I’ve lost an entire day’s pay thanks to this… this…
Sheldon: Time machine.
Leonard: The lights flash and the dish spins, you wanna try it?
Penny: No! I don’t want to try it, my God, you are grown men, how could you waste your lives with
these stupid toys and costumes and comic books and… and now that… that…
Sheldon: Again, time machine.
Penny: Oh please, it’s not a time machine, if anything it looks like something Elton John would drive
through the Everglades.
Sheldon: It only moves in time. It would be worse than useless in a swamp.
Penny: Pathetic. All of you, completely pathetic. (Storms out. A beat, and then…)

Raj: My turn!
Scene: Later that night, Leonard is sitting in the time machine, turning the lights on and off. Sheldon
enters.
Sheldon: Leonard, it’s two in the morning.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: So it’s my turn. Why did you set it for the day before yesterday?
Leonard: Because I want to go back and keep myself from getting a time machine.
Sheldon: You can’t. If you were to prevent yourself from buying it in the past, you would not have it
available in the present to travel back and stop yourself from buying it, ergo you would still have it.
This is a classic rookie time travel mistake.
Leonard: Can I go back and prevent you from explaining that to me?
Sheldon: Same paradox. If you were to travel back in time and, say, knock me unconscious, you
would not then have the conversation that irritated you, motivating you to go back and knock me
unconscious.
Leonard: What if I knocked you unconscious right now?
Sheldon: It won’t change the past.
Leonard: But it would make the present so much nicer.
Sheldon: Are you upset about something?
Leonard: What was your first clue?
Sheldon: Well, it was a number of things. First the late hour, then your demeanour seems very low
energy, plus your irritability…
Leonard: Yes I’m upset.
Sheldon: Oh! I don’t usually pick up on those things. Good for me.
Leonard: Yeah, good for you.
Sheldon: Oh, wait. Did you want to talk about what’s bothering you?
Leonard: I don’t know. Maybe.
Sheldon: Wow, I’m on fire tonight.
Leonard: Uh, here’s the thing. Girls like Penny never end up with guys who own time machines.
Sheldon: I disagree. Your inability to successfully woo Penny long predates your acquisition of the
time machine. That failure clearly stands on its own.
Leonard: Thanks for pointing it out.
Sheldon: In addition, your premise is flawed. In the original film, Rod Taylor got Yvette Mimeaux
with that very time machine. In Back to the Future, Marty McFly got the opportunity to hook up with
his extremely attractive young mother.

Leonard: Those are movies.
Sheldon: Well of course they’re movies. Were you expecting me to come up with an example
involving a real life time machine? That’s absurd.
Scene: The stairwell. It is the previous day, and again Leonard and Sheldon are pulling the time
machine up the stairs.
Leonard: Come on, guys, push.
Howard (off): If I push any harder I’m going to give birth to my colon.
Penny (coming out of her apartment): Oh, hey guys.
Leonard (letting go of time machine, as does Sheldon): Uh, hi Penny. (Raj and Howard are heard to
scream as the time machine slides back down the stairs.) Take a break, guys!
Penny: What are you doing?
Leonard: Oh, just, you know, moving a… time machine.
Penny: Yeah, okay, neat, but I really got to get to work, so….
Leonard: No problem. (Removes glasses, pulls down out of order tape from lift doors, and forces them
open.) Hang on. (Takes Penny in his arms as he holds onto the lift cable.)
Penny: But, what about your time machine.
Leonard: Some things are more important than toys. (She puts her arms around his neck as he dangles
from the cable.)
Penny: Oh, I’m scared.
Leonard: Don’t worry baby, I’ve got you.
Penny: Oh, Leonard. (Kisses him as they descend from view. Leonard wakes up still sitting in the time
machine.)
Sheldon: It’s still my turn.
Scene: The living room.
Sheldon: What are you doing?
Leonard: I’m packing up all my collectibles and taking them down to the comic book store to sell.
Sheldon: Well is that really necessary. If you need money you can always sell blood. And semen.
Leonard: It’s not about money.
Raj (entering): We brought food.
Howard: Lox and bagels, the breakfast of time travellers.
Leonard: Terrific, does anyone want to buy my share of the time machine?
Raj: Why?
Leonard: Because I don’t want it any more.

Howard: Why?
Leonard: Just… personal reasons.
Sheldon: My spidey-sense tells me this has something to do with Penny.
Leonard: Look, do you want to buy me out or not?
Raj: I’ll give you a hundred dollars, which will make me half owner, and we’ll put it on my balcony.
Howard: Screw his balcony, I’ll give you a hundred and twenty and we’ll put it in my garage.
Leonard: I paid two hundred dollars for my share.
Raj: Dude, everyone knows a time machine loses half its value the minute you drive it off the lot.
Sheldon: I’ll go for two hundred, that time machine stays right where it is.
Raj: Three hundred, and I’ll throw in my original 1979 Mattel Millenium Falcon with real light speed
sound effects.
Leonard: No, no more toys or action figures or props or replicas or costumes or robots or Darth Vader
voice changers, I’m getting rid of all of it.
Howard: You can’t do that, look what you’ve created here, it’s like nerdvana.
Raj: More importantly, you’ve a Darth Vader voice changer?
Leonard: Not for long.
Raj: Oh, I call dibs on the Golden Age Flash.
Howard: Hang on, I need that to complete my Justice Society of America collection.
Raj: Too bad, I called dibs.
Howard: Well you can’t just call dibs.
Raj: I can and I did, look up dibs on Wikipedia.
Sheldon: Dibs doesn’t apply in a bidding war.
Leonard: It’s not a bidding war, I’m selling it all to Larry down at the comic book store.
Raj: Why Larry? Did Larry call dibs?
Howard: Will you forget dibs!
Leonard: He offered me a fair price for the whole collection.
Sheldon: What’s the number, I’ll match it.
Raj: I’ll match it, plus a thousand rupees.
Sheldon: What’s the exchange rate.
Raj: None of your business. Take it or leave it.
Howard (on phone): Mom, my bar-mizvah bonds, how much do I got? Thanks. I can go twenty six
hundred dollars and two trees in Israel.

Leonard: Forget it guys, if I sell to one of you, the other two are going to be really mad at me.
Sheldon: Who cares, as long as you pick me.
Raj: Okay, Leonard, put down the box, let’s talk.
Leonard: Sorry Raj, my mind is made up.
Sheldon (moving to block his path): No. I can’t let you do this.
Leonard: Sheldon, get out of my way.
Sheldon (brandishing toy sword from Leonard’s box): None shall pass.
Leonard: Okay. I did not want to do this but, I have here the rare mint condition production error Star
Trek: The Next Generation Geordi LaForge, without his visor in the original packaging. If you do not
get out of my way, I will open it.
Howard: Okay man, be cool, we’re all friends here.
Penny (coming out of her flat): What the hell’s going on?
Sheldon: You hypocrite!
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Little Miss “grown ups don’t play with toys”. If I were to go into that apartment right now,
would I find Beanie Babies? Are you not an accumulator of Care Bears and My Little Ponies? And
who is that Japanese feline I see frolicking on your shorts? Hello,Hello Kitty!
Penny: Okay, okay look, if this is about yesterday, Leonard, I am really sorry about what I said, I was
just a bit upset.
Leonard: No, I needed to hear it.
Penny: No you didn’t. Look, you are a great guy, and it is things you love that make you who you are.
Howard: I guess that makes me large breasts.
Leonard: Still, I think it’s time for me to get rid of this stuff and… you know… move on with my life.
Penny: Really?
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Oh. Wow. Good for you. (Kisses his cheek.)
Leonard: Thanks. Hey, do you want to, I don’t know, later…
Good looking man coming up stairs: Excuse me. Hey, Penny!
Penny: Hi Mike.
Mike: Are you ready to go.
Penny: Yeah, I just have to change.
Mike: I’ll give you a hand.

Penny: Oh, stop it! Bye guys.
Leonard (after a long pause): My turn on the time machine.
Scene: A jungle. As the camera moves, the time machine becomes visible. Sheldon is sitting in it The
disk stops spinning, and he looks around. The dials read APR 28 802,701.
Sheldon: It worked. It really worked. They said I was mad, but it worked. (Large hairy creatures with
glowing eyes emerge from the forest and walk towards him menacingly.) Oh no, not Morlocks! Not
flesh-eating Morlocks! He-e-e-e-e-e-e-elp! (With a yelp, he wakes up in the time machine in the living
room.)
Leonard: Sheldon, are you okay?
Sheldon: We have to get rid of the time machine.
Leonard: It is a little big for the living room, isn’t it?
Sheldon: Yeah, that’s the problem, it’s too big.
Leonard: I’m glad you agree. I hired some guys to help us move it, come on in fellas. (A pair of
Morlocks come through the door.)
Sheldon: Oh no, Morlocks? Eat him, eat him. Aaaaargh. (Sheldon wakes up in his own bed.)
Leonard!!!!!!!!

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 15
Scene: A corridor at the University.
Leonard: On the other hand, some physicists are concerned that if the super collider actually works, it
will create a black hole and swallow up the Earth ending life as we know it.
Raj: Psh, what a bunch of crybabies. No guts, no glory man.
Leonard (looking at an orange notice on the noticeboard): Hey, check it out, the school of
pharmacology is looking for volunteers.
Raj: We are testing a new medication for social anxiety, panic attacks, agoraphobia and obsessive
compulsive disorder. Why would they be looking for test subjects here?
Leonard: I don’t know, Raj. Maybe the comic book store doesn’t have a bulletin board. (Sees crowds
in the corridor) What’s going on?
Howard: Shhh! Hot girl in Sheldon’s office.
Leonard: Sheldon’s office? Is she lost?
Howard: Don’t think so. I followed her here from the parking lot.
Leonard: Maybe she’s his lawyer.
Howard: Well she’s free to examine my briefs.
Leonard: Howard…
Howard: I know, I’m disgusting, I should be punished. By her, oh look, I did it again.
Girl: Well, that should do it.
Sheldon: Thank you for coming by. (He rises from his desk. Everyone rushes to look nonchalant.)
Hello.
Leonard: Oh, hey buddy.
Sheldon: Buddy.
Howard: Sorry I’m late, I’m working on a project that may take me up on the next space shuttle.
Sheldon: How can you be late, I wasn’t expecting you at all.
Howard: Nobody ever expects me, sometimes you just look and… BAM! (shakes girl’s hand)
Howard Wolowitz.
Leonard: Sheldon, are you going to introduce us?
Sheldon: Oh, alright, this is Missy, Missy this is Leonard and Rajesh and you’ve already met Howard.
Missy: It’s nice to meet you.
Leonard: You too, swell, also.

Howard: Yeah.
Leonard: So, how do you two know each other.
Missy: Oh, he once spent nine months with my legs wrapped around his head.
Leonard: Excuse me?
Sheldon: She’s my twin sister, she thinks she’s funny but frankly I’ve never been able to see it.
Missy: It’s because you have no measurable sense of humour, Shelly.
Sheldon: How exactly would one measure a sense of humour? A humourmometer?
Howard: Well, I think you’re delightfully droll. Or as the French say, Tres Drole.
Missy: Okay, so let me see if I got this. Leonard, Howard and… I’m sorry what was your name again.
(Raj looks uncomfortable, turns and walks away, disappears round corner. He then reappears, takes
the orange paper from the noticeboard and leaves again.)
Sheldon: Rajesh.
Credits sequence
Scene: The same.
Leonard: So Missy, what brings you all the way from Texas?
Howard: Was it perhaps destiny, I think it was destiny.
Missy: My friend’s getting married in Disneyland tomorrow night.
Howard: Destiny, thy name is Anaheim.
Missy: And I had to drop off some papers for Shelly to sign for my dad’s estate.
Sheldon: The papers could have been mailed, Mom just sent you here to spy on me, didn’t she.
Missy: I guess that’s why they call you a genius.
Sheldon: They call me a genius because I’m a genius. Tell Mom that I currently weigh 165 pounds,
and that I’m having regular bowel movements. Enjoy the wedding, goodbye.
Leonard and Howard together: Woah, woah.
Leonard: If the wedding’s not until tomorrow, why don’t you stay with us tonight?
Missy: Oh, I don’t think so. Shelly doesn’t like company. Even as a little boy he’d send his imaginary
friends home at the end of the day.
Sheldon: They were not friends, they were imaginary colleagues.
Leonard: Look, you’re here, we have plenty of room.
Sheldon: No we don’t.
Howard: Come on, Shelly, she’s family.
Sheldon: So what? I don’t issue invitations to your mother.

Missy: Well it would be nice not to have to drive out to Anaheim in rush hour.
Sheldon: And don’t ever call me Shelly.
Leonard: So it’s settled. You’ll stay with us.
Howard: I’ll walk you to your car. You’re in structure 3 level C, right?
Sheldon: What just happened?
Scene: The apartment.
Missy: So anyway, we’re eight years old, and Sheldon converts my easy-bake oven to some kind of
high-powered furnace.
Leonard: Hee-hee, just classic.
Sheldon: I needed a place to fire ceramic semi-conductor substrates for home-made integrated circuits.
Missy: He was trying to build some kind of armed robot to keep me out of his room.
Sheldon: Made necessary by her insistence on going into my room.
Missy: Anyway, I go to make those little corn muffins they give you, there’s a big flash, next thing
you know my eyebrows are gone.
Howard: Ha-ha, not your eyebrows?
Missy: Yep. I had to go through the entire second grade with crooked eyebrows my Mom drew on.
Sheldon: Is that what that was? I just assumed that the second grade curriculum had rendered you
quizzical.
Penny (knocking and entering, holding up a pair of superman undershorts.): Hey, Leonard, you left
your underwear in the dryer downstairs.
Leonard: Those are not mine.
Penny: Really, they have your little name label in them.
Leonard: Yeah, no, I do, I use those… uh… just to polish up my… spear-fishing equipment. I spear
fish. When I’m not crossbow hunting, I spear fish. Uh, Penny, this is Sheldon’s twin sister, Missy.
Missy, this is our neighbour Penny.
Missy: Hi.
Penny: Wow, you don’t look that much alike.
Howard: Can I get a hallelujah.
Sheldon: Fraternal twins come from two separate eggs, they are no more alike than any other siblings.
Howard: Hallelujah.
Raj (running in): Hey, guess what. I’ve been accepted as a test subject for a new miracle drug to
overcome pathological shyness.
Penny: Hey, good for you, Raj.

Raj: Yes, I’m very hopeful. Hello Missy. (He waves his hand. It keeps waving.) They mentioned there
may be side effects.
Scene: The same, later.
Raj: So, Missy. Have you ever met a man from the exotic subcontinent of India?
Missy: Well, there’s Dr Patel at our church.
Raj: Ah yes, Dr Patel, good man.
Howard: Do you like motorcycles, ‘cos I ride a hog.
Raj: A hog? You have a two cylinder scooter with a basket on the front.
Howard: You still have to wear a helmet.
Raj: Have you ever heard of the Kama Sutra?
Missy: The sex book?
Raj: The Indian sex book. In other words if you wonder wonder who wrote the book of love, it was us.
Penny (to Leonard): Hey, Sheldon’s sister’s pretty cute, I w….
Leonard: I wasn’t staring!
Penny: I didn’t say you were, I just said she was cute.
Leonard: Oh. Huh, um, maybe, if you like women who are tall… and perfect.
Penny: Sheldon, why are you ignoring your sister?
Sheldon: I’m not ignoring my sister. I’m ignoring all of you.
Leonard: I brought snacks.
Missy: Oh my! Gherkins and….
Leonard: Onion dip, it’s onion dip.
Missy: Oh.
Leonard: We don’t entertain much.
Raj: Missy, do you enjoy pajamas?
Missy: I guess.
Raj: We Indians invented them. You’re welcome.
Howard: Yeah, well my people invented circumcision. You’re welcome!
Penny: Missy, I’m going to go get my nails done. Do you want to come?
Missy: God yes. Thanks.
Penny: You’re welcome.
Missy: Bye guys.

Howard: Bye Missy.
Leonard: Bye Missy, see you.
Penny: Goodbye Leonard!
Leonard: Uh, yeah, no, uh, bye Penny.
Howard: Okay, you two have to back off.
Raj: Why should I back off, you back off dude.
Leonard: Excuse me, this is my apartment and she’s my roommate’s sister.
Howard: So what, you’ve already got Penny.
Leonard: How do I have Penny? In what universe do I have Penny?
Howard: So I can have Penny?
Leonard: Hell, no!
Sheldon: Excuse me, can I interject something. I’m ordering pizza online, is everyone okay with
pepperoni?
Leonard: Sheldon, can I talk to you in private?
Sheldon: I guess. Don’t worry, I was going to order you cheeseless.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: That’s okay. Lactose intolerance is nothing to be embarrassed about.
Howard: I’m a fancy Indian man, we invented pajamas!
Raj: Hey, look at me, I don’t have a foreskin.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Leonard: Sheldon, are you aware that your sister is an incredibly attractive woman?
Sheldon: Hmmm? She certainly has the symmetry and low body fat that western culture deems
desirable. It’s noteworth that at other points in history, heavier women were the standard for beauty
because their girth suggested affluence.
Leonard: That’s fascinating, but I…
Sheldon: I didn’t say it was fascinating, I said it was noteworthy.
Leonard: Alright, noted. But my point is that Koothrappali and Wolowitz… they’re hitting on your
sister.
Sheldon: Oh. Okay. You know, I don’t want to criticise your rhetorical style but, we’d be a lot further
along in this conversation if you’d begun with that thought.
Leonard: That’s great, but I….
Sheldon: What I’m saying is that we took quite an unnecessary detour from what I now understand to
be your thesis.

Leonard: Whatever. You have to do something about it.
Sheldon: Why?
Leonard: Because she’s your sister.
Sheldon: I don’t understand. Yes, we shared a uterus for nine months, but since then we’ve pretty
much gone our own separate ways.
Leonard: Okay, uh…. oh, consider this. With your father gone, it is your responsibility to make sure
that Missy chooses a suitable mate.
Sheldon: I hadn’t considered that. We do share DNA.
Leonard: Uh-huh.
Sheldon: So there is the possibility, however remote, that resting in her loins is the potential for
another individual as remarkable as myself.
Leonard: Exactly. And, you owe it to yourself and to posterity to protect the genetic integrity of your
sister’s future offspring.
Sheldon: You’re right. If someone wants to get at Missy’s fallopian tubes, they’ll have to go through
me.
Scene: The living room. Raj and Howard are on the floor, fighting.
Raj: I am Shiva the destroyer, I will have the woman!
Howard: I’m warning you, I was judo champion at math camp.
Sheldon: Alright, that’s enough juvenile squabbling, stop it, stop it I say. I’m going to settle this right
now. Neither of you are good enough for my sister.
Howard: Who are you to decide that?
Leonard: He’s the man of his family, you have to respect his wishes.
Sheldon: You’re out too, by the way.
Leonard: Say what?
Sheldon: It’s nothing personal, I’d just prefer if my future niece or nephew didn’t become flatulent
every time they eat an Eskimo pie.
Howard (to Raj, who is smiling): What are you so happy about?
Raj: I’m not happy, it’s the medication, I can’t stop smiling. (Waves hand at mouth. It keeps waving.)
Sheldon: Now that Leonard’s made me aware of how high the genetic stakes are, we have to face the
fact that none of you are suitable mates for my sister.
Howard: Wait a minute. Leonard made you aware of that?
Leonard: We all make mistakes, let’s move on.
Raj: Excuse me, but I think you’re missing a big opportunity here.
Sheldon: How so?

Raj: Everybody knows genetic diversity produces the strongest offspring. Why not put a little mocha
in the family latte.
Sheldon: In principle you have a point, but as a practical matter, need I remind you that it takes
experimental pharmaceuticals to simply enable you to speak to the opposite sex.
Raj (waving finger at him): I think you’re focussing entirely too much on the drugs. (Finger keeps
waving. Leonard has to reach out and stop it.)
Howard: Is it ‘cause I’m Jewish, ‘cause I’d kill my Rabbi with a porkchop to be with your sister.
Sheldon: This has nothing to do with religion. This has to do with the fact that you’re a tiny, tiny man
who still lives with his mother.
Leonard: Sheldon, you are really being unreasonable.
Sheldon: Am I? Here. Eat this cheese without farting and you can sleep with my sister.
Missy (who has just entered): Oh really?
Sheldon: Oops.
Missy: Shelly, can I speak to you for a minute? Alone?
Sheldon: Why does everyone suddenly want to talk to me alone? Usually nobody wants to be alone
with me.
Leonard (to Penny who is standing next to him grinning): We all make mistakes, let’s move on.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Missy: Okay. I’m not even going to ask why you’re pimping me out for cheese. But since when do
you care at all about who I sleep with?
Sheldon: Truthfully, I’ve never given it any thought, but it has been pointed out to me that you carry
DNA of great potential.
Missy: What on earth are you talking about?
Sheldon: Let me explain. You see, I’m a superior genetic mutation, an improvement on the existing
mediocre stock.
Missy: And what do you mean, mediocre stock?
Sheldon: That would be you. But residing within you is the potential for another me. Perhaps even
taller, smarter and less prone to freckling, a Sheldon 2.0 if you will.
Missy: Sheldon 2.0?
Sheldon: Exactly. Now, I am not saying that I should be the sole decider of who you mate with. If
you’re not attracted to the suitor then the likelihood of conception would be reduced.
Missy: You have got to be kidding me!
Sheldon: Not at all. Frequent coitus dramatically increases the odds of fertiliziation.
Missy: Okay Shelly, sit down. Now I’ve lived my whole life dealing with the fact that my twin
brother is, as Mom puts it, one of God’s special little people.

Sheldon: I always thought I was more like a cuckoo bird. You know, a superior creature whose egg is
placed in the nest of ordinary birds. Of course the newly hatched cuckoo eats all the food, leaving the
ordinary siblings to starve to death. Luckily for you, that’s where the metaphor ended.
Missy: I thought it ended at cuckoo. Now you listen to me, if you want to start acting like a brother
who cares about me, then terrific. Bring it on. But you try one time to tell me who I should be
sleeping with, and you and I are going to go round and round the way we did when we were little.
Remember? (Sheldon hurriedly crosses his legs.)
Sheldon: I have an alternate proposal.
Missy: Go on.
Sheldon: You donate eggs. We will place them in cryogenic storage. I will find an appropriate sperm
donor for your eggs, have them fertilized and implanted in you, that way everybody wins.
Scene: The living room. Sheldon enters limping, holding his groin area.
Sheldon: Correction. Missy can date whoever she wants.
Scene: The same, later.
Howard: Look, we have to settle this.
Leonard: I agree. Sheldon’s sister is hiding at Penny’s because we’ve all been hitting on her at the
same time.
Raj: She’s not hiding. She needed privacy to call her grandmother who’s apparently very sick. Oh,
and then I believe she has to wash her hair.
Howard: Oh, you poor, deluded bastard.
Raj: Don’t start with me dude.
Howard: You want to go again? Let’s go.
Leonard: Sit down.
Howard: Okay.
Leonard: If we’re going to fight over Missy, let’s do it the right way. The honourable way.
(Time shift. Sheldon enters to hear sounds of fighting. It becomes apparent that the guys are playing a
boxing game on a Nintendo Wii.)
Leonard: And he’s down!
Howard: Come on, come on, get up.
Leonard: Stay down, bitch. Yeah, ha ha, natural selection at work.
Sheldon: I weep for humanity.
Leonard: Excuse me while I go tell Missy the good news. (Leaves and knocks on Penny’s door.)
Penny (answering): Ah, hey Leonard.
Leonard: Hi Penny, how’s it going. Listen, that guy Mike that you were dating, is that still going on?

Penny: Uh, pretty much, why?
Leonard: Nothing, just catching up. By the way, may I speak to Missy please?
Penny: Of course.
Missy: Hi, Leonard, what’s up?
Leonard: Well, since you’re leaving tomorrow I was wondering if you’d like to go out to dinner with
me?
Missy: That’s so sweet. But no thanks.
Leonard: Oh. You have other plans, or…?
Missy: No.
Leonard: Oh. Alright uh… enjoy the rest of your evening.
Missy: Thanks. See you.
Leonard (returning): Um, here’s something we didn’t anticipate.
(Time shift. Penny opens door to Howard.)
Penny: What do you want, Howard?
Howard: I’m fine, thanks for asking. I’ve come to call on Missy.
Penny: Missy?
Missy: Hi Howard.
Howard: The amazing Howard. Do you like magic?
Missy: Not really. No.
Howard: Then you are in for a treat. Behold, an ordinary cane. (Taps against doorpost. While
humming he tries to perform a trick, but the cane falls in half with a yellow handkerchief flying out.
Howard has to retrieve the pieces.) Da-dah! (Emerges with the handkerchief, on which are written the
words “will you go out with me?”)
Missy: No.
Howard: Okay. (Does something with hands, from which another yellow handkerchief emerges. This
one reads “are you sure?” Missy closes the door.)
(Time shift. Penny opens the door to Raj.)
Penny: Missy?
Raj: Thank you. I apprec…. (looks panicked) apprec…. appreeee…. oh-oh.
Penny: Oh, honey, is your medication wearing off? (Raj nods.)
Missy: Oh, hi, cutie pie. I was hoping you’d show up.
(Raj attempts to speak. All that emerges is a high pitched wail. After a few more attempts he turns and
leaves down the stairs, still making the same sound.)

Missy: We had a dog who made a noise like that. Had to put him down.
Scene: The stairwell. Missy and Sheldon are descending.
Missy: Any news you want me to pass along to Mom?
Sheldon: Well, she might be interested to know that I have refocused my research from bosonic string
theory to heteronic string theory.
Missy: Yeah, I’ll just tell her you said hey.
Sheldon: Okay, well, it was pleasant seeing you, other than that business with my testicles. (Holds out
hand to shake.)
Missy: Come on, Shelly. (Hugs him. He looks uncomfortable, then hugs back half heartedly.) I want
you to know I’m very proud of you.
Sheldon: Really?
Missy: Yup, I’m always bragging to my friends about my brother the rocket scientist.
Sheldon: You tell people I’m a rocket scientist?
Missy: Well yeah.
Sheldon: I’m a theoretical physicist.
Missy: What’s the difference?
Sheldon: What’s the difference?
Missy: Goodbye Shelly.
Sheldon: My God! Why don’t you just tell them I’m a toll taker at the Golden Gate Bridge? Rocket
scientist, how humiliating.

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 16
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory. Raj and Sheldon are arm wrestling while playing tetris. There is a
cacophony of cries such as “take him down” and “he’s got you, Sheldon.”
Penny: Hey, guys, guys, some of the other waitresses wanted me to ask you something.
Leonard: Oh, it’s called trestling.
Howard: It combines the physical strength of arm wrestling with the mental agility of tetris into the
ultimate sport.
Penny: Yeah, that’s terrific, but what they wanted me to ask you was to cut it the hell out. (To
someone off) Right come on guys, come on. (Singing while approaching another table) Happy
birthday to you, happy birthday to you…
Sheldon: We might as well stop, it’s a stalemate. You’re beating me in tetris, but you’ve got the upper
body strength of a Keebler Elf.
Raj: Keebler Elf? I’ve got your Keebler Elf right here. (Strains to push Sheldon’s arm down. Tries
using both hands, still with no effect.) Okay, it’s a stalemate.
Penny: So Leonard, will we be seeing you on Saturday for your free birthday cheesecake?
Sheldon: He can’t eat cheesecake, he’s lactose intolerant.
Penny: Okay, he can have carrot cake.
Sheldon: What about the cream cheese frosting.
Penny: he can scrape it off.
Leonard: Forget about the cake, how did you know that my birthday is Saturday?
Penny: I did your horoscope, remember, I was going to do everybody’s until Sheldon went on one of
his typical psychotic rants.
Sheldon: For the record, that psychotic rant was a concise summation of the research of Bertram Forer,
who in 1948 proved conclusively through meticulously designed experiments, that astrology is
nothing but pseudo scientific hokum.
Penny: Blah blah blah, a typical Taurus. So, seriously, are we going to see you Saturday?
Leonard: Oh, I don’t think so.
Penny: Why not?
Leonard: I don’t celebrate my birthday.
Penny: Shuddup, yeah you do.
Leonard: No, it’s no big deal, it’s just the way I was raised. My parents focussed on celebrating
achievements, and being expelled from a birth canal was not considered one of them.
Penny: Uh, that’s so silly.

Sheldon: It’s actually based on very sound theories, his mother published a paper on it.
Penny: What was it called, “I hate my son and that’s why he can’t have cake?”
Sheldon: It was obviously effective, Leonard grew up to be an experimental physicist. Perhaps if
she’d also denied him Christmas he’d be a little better at it.
Leonard: Thank you.
Howard: Well I love birthdays, waking up to Mom’s special French Toast breakfast, wearing the
birthday king crown, playing laser tag with all my friends.
Penny: Yeah, see, that’s what kids should have.
Howard: Actually that was last year.
Penny: So you’ve really never had a birthday party?
Leonard: No. But it was okay. I mean, when I was little I’d think maybe my parents would change
their mind, and surprise me with a party, like this one birthday I came home from my Cello lesson,
and I saw a lot of strange cars parked out front, and when I got to the door I could hear people
whispering, and I could smell German chocolate cake, which is my favourite.
Penny: And?
Leonard: Uh, it turns out my grandfather had died.
Penny: Oh my God, that’s terrible.
Leonard: Oh, it was kind of like a birthday party. I got to see all my cousins and there was cake,
so…7
Penny: That’s the saddest thing I’ve ever heard.
Howard: You think? Go ahead, tell her about your senior prom.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Leonard is exiting the apartment.
Howard (voice from inside): Make sure they remember no peanuts.
Leonard: Howard, every Thai restaurant in town knows you can’t eat peanuts. They see me coming
they go “ah, no peanut boy!”
(Leonard exits down stairs. A moment later, Penny peeks out of her apartment, checks the coast is
clear, and crosses the hall to the guys apartment. Knocks.)
Sheldon (answering): Hello Penny. Leonard just left.
Penny: I know. I want to talk to you.
Sheldon: What would we talk about? We’ve no overlapping areas of interest I’m aware of, and you
know I don’t care for chit-chat.
Penny: Okay, can you just let me in.
Sheldon: Well alright, but I don’t see this as a promising endeavour.

Penny: Okay, here’s the deal, we are going to throw Leonard a kick-ass surprise party for his birthday
on Saturday.
Sheldon: I hardly think so, Leonard made it very clear he doesn’t want a party.
Howard: Did someone say party?
Penny: He just doesn’t know he wants one because he’s never had one.
Howard: I suppose that’s possible, but for the record, I’ve never had a threesome and yet I still know I
want one.
Penny: Howard, here’s the difference. The possibility exists that Leonard could have a birthday party
before hell freezes over.
Howard: Fine. If I do have a threesome, you can’t be part of it. I’m just kidding, yes you can. Can you
bring a friend?
Sheldon: I think a birthday party is a terrible idea. I envy Leonard for growing up without that anguish.
Penny: Anguish?
Sheldon: Year after year, I had to endure wearing conical hats while being forced into the crowded
sweaty hell of bouncy castles, not to mention being blindfolded and spun towards a grotesque tailless
donkey as the other children mocked my disorientation.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, I understand you have scars that no non-professional can heal, but nevertheless
we are going to throw Leonard a birthday party.
Sheldon: Have I pointed out that I am extremely uncomfortable with dancing, loud music and most
other forms of alcohol induced frivolity.
Penny: Nevertheless we are….
Sheldon: In addition I really don’t think that Leonard wants a…
Penny: Okay, here’s the deal, you either help me throw Leonard a birthday party or, so help me God, I
will go into your bedroom and I will unbag all of your most valuable mint condition comic books.
And on one of them, you won’t know which, I’ll draw a tiny happy face in ink.
Sheldon: You can’t do that, if you make a mark on a mint comic book it’s no longer mint.
Penny: Sheldon, do you understand the concept of blackmail?
Sheldon: Well of course I… oh! Yeah, I have an idea, let’s throw Leonard a kick ass birthday party.
Scene: Howard and Raj sneak up the stairwell carrying presents. Howard knocks on Penny’s door, a
combination of two knocks, two knocks, one knock. Nothing happens. He tries again. Sheldon opens
the door.
Sheldon: That’s not the secret knock. This is the secret knock. (He knocks two, one, two.)
Howard: What difference does it make?
Sheldon: The whole point of a secret knock is to establish a non-verbal signal to verify the identity of
one’s co-conspirators.
Penny: Is that Raj and Howard?

Sheldon: Possibly, but unverified.
Howard: Can you just let us in.
Sheldon: Luckily for you this is not a nuclear reactor.
Penny: So, what did you get the birthday boy?
Howard: Well, Raj got him an awesome limited edition Dark Knight sculpture based on Alex Ross’s
definitive Batman, and I got him this amazing autographed copy of the Feynman lectures on physics.
Penny: Nice. I got him a sweater.
Howard: Okay, well, he might like that, I’ve seen him… chilly.
Penny: Uh, Sheldon, I didn’t see your present.
Sheldon: That’s because I didn’t bring one.
Penny: Well why not?
Howard: Don’t ask.
Sheldon: The entire institution of gift giving makes no sense.
Howard: Too late.
Sheldon: Let’s say that I go out and I spend fifty dollars on you, it’s a laborious activity, because I
have to imagine what you need, whereas you know what you need. Now I can simplify things, just
give you the fifty dollars directly and, you could give me fifty dollars on my birthday, and so on until
one of us dies leaving the other one old and fifty dollars richer. And I ask you, is it worth it?
Howard: Told you not to ask.
Penny: Well, Sheldon, you’re his friend. Friends give each other presents.
Sheldon: I accept your premise, I reject your conclusion.
Howard: Try telling him it’s a non-optional social convention.
Penny: What?
Howard: Just do it.
Penny: It’s a non-optional social convention.
Sheldon: Oh. Fair enough.
Howard: He came with a manual.
Sheldon: Question, how am I going to get Leonard a present before the party? I don’t drive, and the
only things available within walking distance are a Thai restaurant and a gas station. I suppose I could
wrap up an order of mee krob and a couple of lottery scratchers.
Penny: Okay, let’s do this, um, I will drive Sheldon to get a present, and Howard, you need to get rid
of Leonard for about two hours.
Howard: No problem.

Penny: And then Raj, you bring the stuff across the hall and start setting up.
Howard (after Raj whispers in his ear): What if guests show up?
Penny: Entertain them.
Howard: What if they’re women?
Penny: Stare at them and make them feel uncomfortable.
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is playing an X-Box game.
Howard (entering): Hey!
Leonard: Hey.
Howard: How’s it going?
Leonard: Fine.
Howard: So, listen, the New Art is showing the revised definitive cut of Blade Runner.
Leonard: Seen it.
Howard: No, you’ve seen the 25th anniversary final cut. This one has eight seconds of previously
unseen footage. They say it completely changes the tone of the film.
Leonard: Oh. Pass.
Howard: Come on, afterwards there’s a Q & A with Harrison Ford’s body double.
Leonard: Look, I am in the Halo battle of my life here, there’s this kid in Copenhagen, he has no
immune system so all he does is sit in his bubble and play Halo 24/7.
Howard: Can’t you play him some other time?
Leonard: Not if you believe his doctors.
Howard: Oh my God, do you smell gas.
Leonard: No.
Howard: Yeah, no.
Scene: An electrical store.
Penny: Alright, you know they have DVDs over there.
Sheldon: Yes, but they have DVD burners over here. Leonard needs a DVD burner.
Penny: Sheldon, a gift shouldn’t be something someone needs, it should be something fun, you know,
something they wouldn’t buy for themselves.
Sheldon: You mean, like a sweater?
Penny: Well, it’s a fun sweater, it’s got a bold geometric print.
Sheldon: Is it the geometry that makes it fun.

Penny: Okay, the point is, one of the ways we show we care about people is by putting thought and
imagination into the gifts we give them.
Sheldon: Okay, I see, so not a DVD burner.
Penny: Exactly.
Sheldon: Something he wouldn’t buy for himself. Something fun. Something like… oh, an 802.11n
wireless router.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Here you go, Copenhagen boy, how about a taste of Hans Christian Hand Grenade. (Raj
enters carrying party supplies. Howard waves him away while in the background Leonard is heard
saying “oh, that did not feel good.”) Come on, come on, oh you clever little…. Come on, come on,
take that!
Howard (picks up a granola bar from the table, breaks off half and puts it in his back pocket.): Oh-oh.
(Louder) Oh-oh!
Leonard: What’s the matter?
Howard: This granola bar, there’s peanuts in it.
Leonard: Oh my God, why did you eat it?
Howard: I don’t know, it was just there.
Leonard: Well if I had a gun there, would you have shot yourself?
Howard: Don’t yell at me, I’ve got to go to the emergency room.
Leonard: Now?
Howard: No, after my tongue has swollen to the size of a brisket.
Leonard: Alright, um, just, uh, let me get my keys.
Howard: Oh God, oh God, oh God, oh…. (into phone after Leonard leaves room) The laundry is out
of the hamper. (Looks exasperated) Okay Sheldon, what was it supposed to be? Fine, it’s out of the
washer. I’ll call you when it’s in the dryer.
Leonard (running in): Alright, let’s go. (They exit, with Howard making croaking noises.)
Scene: The store. Sheldon is looking at two routers.
Sheldon: What do you think.
Penny (pointing randomly): Um, that one.
Sheldon: Because of the two additional Ethernet ports.
Penny: Sure.
Sheldon: He doesn’t need them, he’s already got a 640 connect switch
Penny: Oh, okay then this one.
Sheldon: Why?

Penny: I don’t know, the man on the box looks so happy.
Sheldon: Penny! If I’m going to buy Leonard a gift, I’m going to do it right. I refuse to let him
experience the same childhood trauma I did.
Penny: Oh, I know I’m going to regret this but, what trauma?
Sheldon: On my twelfth birthday I really wanted a titanium centrifuge, so, you know, I could separate
radioactive isotopes.
Penny: Of course.
Sheldon: Instead of a titanium centrifuge, my parents bought me… wow, this is hard. They got me…
a motorised dirt bike.
Penny: No?
Sheldon: What twelve year old boy wants a motorised dirt bike?
Penny: All of them.
Sheldon: Really?
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Huh?
Penny: Okay, so we’re getting this one?
Sheldon: Yeah, I suppose.
Penny: Okay, let’s go.
Random woman: Excuse me, do you know anything about this stuff?
Sheldon: I know everything about this stuff.
Woman: Okay, I have my own wholesale flower business, and I want to hook up my computer in the
front entrance with the one in my refrigerated warehouse.
Penny: Here, buy this one. Look, it’s the one we’re getting, see, happy guy available.
Sheldon: No, no, no, no, she doesn’t want that, she needs a point to point peer network with a range
extender.
Woman: Thank you.
Random guy: Which hard drive do I want, firewire or USB?
Sheldon: It depends on what Bus you have.
Guy: I drive a Chevy Cavalier.
Sheldon: Oh, dear lord.
Penny: Sheldon, we have to go.
Sheldon: Not now, Penny, this poor man needs me. (To woman approaching) You hold on, I’ll be
right with you. What computer do you have, and please don’t say a white one?

Scene: The hospital. Howard runs in and up to the counter.
Howard: Excuse me.
Nurse: Fill this out, have a seat.
Howard: No, listen, see we’re throwing my friend a surprise party and I’m supposed to keep him out
of his apartment for two hours.
Nurse: Uh-huh, fill this out and have a seat.
Howard: No, see, the only way I could get him to leave is to tell him I ate a peanut. Because I’m
allergic to peanuts.
Nurse: Oh, well in that case fill this out and have a seat.
Howard: Look, all I need from you is to take me in the back and give me a band-aid so I can pretend I
had a shot of epinephrine and they you tell my friend you need to keep me under observation for
about an hour, hour and a half.
Nurse: Is that all you need?
Howard: Yes.
Nurse: Get out of my ER.
Howard: No, you don’t understand.
Nurse: Oh, I understand, but unfortunately this hospital is not equipped to treat stupid.
Howard: Okay, I get it, I know how the world works, how about if I were to introduce you (holding
up a five dollar bill) to the man who freed your people.
Nurse, unless my people were freed by Benjamin Franklin and his five twin brothers you are wasting
your time.
Leonard (running in): Hey, sorry I couldn’t find a parking spot, how are you doing.
Howard: Bad, very bad.
Leonard: Really, ‘cos you don’t look like you’re swelling up at all, maybe we should just pick up
some benedryl at the drug store and go home.
Howard: We can’t go home.
Leonard: Why not?
Howard: Becauth (pretends tongue has swollen up) Becauth-th-th. Brissket, Brissket! Water, need
water.
Leonard: Alright, I’ll be right back.
Howard (into phone): Penny, look, I’ve got a problem.
Penny (with Sheldon in background at the head of a large queue of customers): Yeah, well so do I,
look you’ve got to stall Leonard a little longer.
Howard: I don’t think I can.

Penny: You have to, we all have to be there at the same time to yell “surprise!”
Howard: Okay, you have to understand something, we’re in a hospital right now.
Penny: Why, is Leonard okay.
Howard: Leonard’s fine. I’m fine, thanks for asking, by the way.
Penny: Okay, I don’t need your attitude, just hold him there a little longer.
Howard: Look, I’ve done my best but he wants to go home and I don’t know how to stop him.
Penny: Okay, how about this. You keep him there a little longer and when you get to the party I’ll
point out which of my friends are easy.
Howard: Don’t toy with me, woman.
Penny: I’ve got a hot former fat girl with no self-esteem, I’ve got a girl who punishes her father by
sleeping around and an alcoholic who’s two tequila shots away from letting you wear her like a hat.
Howard: Thy will be done. (Thinks. Reaches into back pocket, finds the half a granola bar from
earlier. Looks down.) I’m doing this for you, little buddy. (Takes a bite.)
Scene: The store. Sheldon is on the in-store computer.
Sheldon: Okay, we don’t have that in stock, but I can special order it for you.
Penny (with shop assistant, points at Sheldon): Him.
Assistant: Excuse me, sir, you don’t work here.
Sheldon: Yes, well, apparently neither does anyone else.
Penny: Sheldon, we have to go.
Sheldon: Why?
Penny: Well, for one thing, we’re late for Leonard’s birthday party. And for another, I told him to call
security.
Sheldon (to customer): Good luck. (To assistant) By the way, a six year-old could hack your
computer system.
Penny: Keep walking.
Sheldon: Yeah, 1-2-3-4 is not a secure password.
Scene: The hospital.
Leonard: Excuse me, my friend is having an allergic reaction to peanuts.
Nurse: No he’s not.
Leonard: Yes he is.
Nurse: Look, sir we are very busy here and I just don’t… (sees Leonard whose face has swollen all
over) holy crap!
Howard: Pees hep me!

Nurse: Code 4, I need a gurney, right away, right away.
Howard: Fank-u.
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: Say what you will about the healthcare system in this country, but when they’re afraid of
lawsuits they sure test everything.
Howard: I really don’t think the colonoscopy was necessary.
Leonard: You know, before you got all swollen up, I actually thought you were trying to keep me out
of the apartment so you could throw me a surprise party.
Howard: Oh, right, it’s your birthday, I had no idea it was your birthday, I completely forgot, wow,
what a lousy way to spend a birthday, well it’s all over now.
Leonard: There is a party, isn’t there.
Howard: Maybe.
Leonard: Howard.
Howard: Are you mad?
Leonard: how could I be mad? You actually risked your life because you cared about me.
Howard: Yeah, that’s why I did it.
Leonard: Alright. Here we go. My first birthday party.
(Opens door. Raj is drunkenly singing True Colors very badly into a microphone with his shirt off and
a bandana round his head while waving a beer bottle. Penny and Sheldon are asleep on the couch
and armchair respectively.)
Raj: Dude! Everybody left an hour ago! Surprise!
Time shift. View of a mobile phone video screen. Raj has a woman sitting on his shoulders.
Raj: Okay Leonard, here I am at your birthday party, I don’t know where you are dude, but it’s really
kick-ass. Everyone is very very drunk, and uh… (girl pours booze into his mouth) Oh look, there’s a
girl taking her shirt off.
Penny: That’s my friend Carol. Remind me, I’ve got to introduce her to Howard.
Raj: Oh sweet Krishna, shake it, that-a rupee maker.
Penny: I’m so sorry you didn’t get your party.
Leonard: Oh, it’s okay.
Penny: Happy birthday anyways. (She kisses him full on the lips.)
Leonard: Hey Penny, when, uh, when’s your birthday?

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 17
Scene: The apartment living room
Sheldon: Wo de zhing shi Sheldon.
Howard: No, it’s Wo de ming zi shi Sheldon. (Makes a hand movement with every syllable.)
Sheldon: Wo de ming zi shi Sheldon. (Copies hand movements.)
Howard: What’s this? (Repeats hand movements.)
Sheldon: That’s what you did. I assumed as in a number of languages that the gesture was part of the
phrase.
Howard: Well it’s not.
Sheldon: How am I supposed to know that? As the teacher it’s your obligation to separate your
personal idiosyncrasies from the subject matter.
Howard: You know, I’m really glad you decided to learn Mandarin.
Sheldon: Why?
Howard: Once you’re fluent you’ll have a billion more people to annoy instead of me.
Leonard (entering): Hey!
Sheldon: Mai du lui tsa.
Howard: You just called Leonard a syphilitic donkey.
Sheldon: My apologies Leonard, I’m only as good as my teacher.
Leonard: Why are you learning Chinese?
Sheldon: I believe the Szechuan Palace has been passing off orange chicken as tangerine chicken and
I intend to confront them.
Leonard: If I were you, I’d be more concerned by what they’re passing off as chicken.
Penny (storming in): I need to use your window.
Leonard: Oh, yeah, no, sure, go ahead.
Penny (opening window): Hey Jerkface, you forgot your iPod! (Throws it out.)
Leonard: What’s going on?
Penny: Oh, I’ll tell you what’s going on, that stupid self-centred bastard wrote about our sex life in his
blog. (Out of window) Drop dead, you stupid self-centred bastard! (To Leonard) Thank you. (exit)
Sheldon: Okay, where were we?
Howard: Not now, I have a blog to find.

(Credits sequence)
Scene: Leonard approaches Penny’s door and knocks.
Leonard: Penny, are you okay?
Penny (voice off): I’m fine, Leonard, just go away.
Leonard: Look, I understand that breaking up with someone can be very painful….
Penny: GO AWAY!
Leonard: Okay, feel better, bye. (Goes back to apartment) She doesn’t want to talk.
Sheldon: Not surprising. Penny’s emotional responses originate from the primitive portion of the
brain known as the Amygdala, while speech is centred in the much more recently developed
Neocortex. The former can easily overpower the latter giving scientific credence to the notion of
being rendered speechless. (Leonard stares at him.) Or maybe she just doesn’t want to talk.
Raj (entering): Hey, look, I found an iPod.
Howard: It’s smashed beyond repair, what are you going to do with it?
Raj: What else? Sell it on ebay as slightly used.
Leonard: It was Penny’s boyfriend’s, they broke up.
Howard: Apparently he posted intimate details of their physical relationship on his blog, which I
cannot find anywhere.
Leonard: You know what, I’m going to go back and try talking to her again.
Howard: Good idea. Sit with her, hold her, comfort her, and if the moment feels right, see if you can
cop a feel.
Leonard: I’m not going to do that, Howard.
Sheldon: I’m not aware of any social convention that requires you to intervene at all.
Leonard: What about “damsel in distress?”
Sheldon: Twelfth century code of chivalry, not exactly current. You’d also have to be knighted for
that to apply.
Leonard: I don’t care. She’s upset, I’m going over there.
Howard: Remember to sit on your hands a bit so they’re warm.
Leonard: I’m her friend, I’m not going to take advantage of her vulnerability.
Howard: What, so you’re saying that if in the depths of despair she throws herself at you and demands
you take her, right there, right now, you’ll just walk away?
Leonard: I said I’m her friend. Not her gay friend.
Scene: Penny’s flat. Penny is eating ice cream from the tub.
Leonard (knocking and entering): Hey, listen, I know you said that you didn’t want to talk…

Penny: I don’t.
Leonard (leaving): Sorry.
Penny: Wait.
Leonard: Wait, did you say wait?
Penny: Tell me the truth. Am I just an idiot who picks giant losers?
Leonard: No. No.
Penny: Okay, so I pick good guys, but turn them into losers.
Leonard: Of course not.
Penny: Well, it’s got to be one or the other, which is it?
Leonard: I’m sorry, what were the choices again?
Penny: I really thought Mike was different, I thought he was sensitive and smart. I mean, not you
smart, normal non-freaky smart.
Leonard: Yeah, no, sure.
Penny: You know, and then he just goes and has to humiliate me by writing about me on his blog so
the entire world can read it.
Leonard: Actually it’s not all that easy to find.
Penny: Yeah, really, well my friends at work found it, my sister found it, judging by my email a
number of prisoners at the Michigan State Penitentiary found it.
Leonard: Okay, well, what exactly did this guy write, not that I need to know the details of your sex
life, I just thought…. never mind.
Penny: Nope, you know what, you might as well read it, everybody else has, go ahead. Oh God, I just
feel so betrayed and embarrassed. I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
Leonard: Okay, well, you know, this isn’t that bad. It just paints the picture of a very affectionate
woman who’s open to expressing her affection in non traditional locales.
Penny: Oh God!
Leonard: Elevators, parks, movie theatres, out of curiosity, is this subway the transportation system or
subway the sandwich shop?
Penny: Sandwich shop.
Leonard: Doesn’t that violate the health code?
Penny: No, at the sub shop we were only making out.
Leonard: Huh. Okay. But my point is that you have absolutely no reason to be embarrassed.
Penny: Really, do you think I overreacted?
Leonard: Maybe a little.

Penny: ‘Cause I do that, I do overreact. Maybe I should call Mike and apologise.
Leonard: No. No, no, that, that would be underreacting. He did break the implied confidentiality of
the bedroom and, in your case, the elevator, parks and fast food franchise.
Penny: Yes. You’re right. I should just say I’m done with him.
Leonard: Yes, you should, go ahead, say it.
Penny: But I never gave the man a chance to explain.
Leonard: What is there to explain, it’s all right here, it’s a betrayal.
Penny: No, you were right the first time, this is a man who loves me, but in his own stupid way he
was just trying to show people how he feels.
Leonard: I’m pretty sure I never said that.
Penny: No, you did better than that, you helped me see it on my own.
Leonard: Aw, good for me. Where are you going?
Penny: I’m going over to Mike’s. Leonard, thank you so much.
Leonard: Oh, sure. Huh, maybe I am her gay friend.
Scene: The apartment. The guys are playing a board game and eating Chinese food.
Sheldon: Howard, I’m going to need another Mandarin lesson. I obviously didn’t make my point with
those people.
Howard: For God’s sake, Sheldon, if you don’t like the tangerine chicken, don’t order the tangerine
chicken.
Sheldon: I like tangerine chicken, I’m not getting tangerine chicken.
Leonard: Can we please change the subject.
Raj: Sure. Tell us again how you screwed up and got Penny back together with her old boyfriend.
Leonard: Just roll the dice.
Raj (rolls and moves): Enslaved by warlocks, stay here till you roll 2, 4 or 6…7
Leonard: She was mad at him. She was done with him, the relationship was broken beyond repair and
I walked over there and I fixed it!
Howard: Boy, that story gets better every time you hear it.
Sheldon: Actually, I thought the first two renditions were far more compelling. Previously I felt
sympathy for the Leonard character, now I just find him to be whiny and annoying.
Leonard: Just eat your tangerine chicken.
Sheldon: I’d love to, but I don’t have tangerine chicken.
Penny (storming in): Thank you so much for your stupid advice. (Slams door again.)
Raj: Incredible. You managed to screw up the screw-up.

Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Leonard (knocking and entering): I’m back.
Penny: I’m sorry I yelled at you. It’s not your fault.
Leonard: What happened?
Penny: Well, I went over to Mike’s to make up with him.
Leonard: Yeah, I know, I know that part.
Penny: But he had already moved on.
Leonard: Already, that was quick.
Penny: That’s what I said to the woman who had her legs wrapped around his neck.
Leonard: Oh, Penny, I am so sorry.
Penny: How could he do that.
Leonard: Oh, well, you know, you did throw an 8 gig iPod… yeah, no, how could he do that.
Penny: I swear to God, I am done with guys like that. You know, macho, with the perfect body and
the hair, and the money.
Leonard: Yeah, that must get old quick.
Penny: You know, just once, I would like to go out with someone who is nice, and honest, and who
actually cares about me.
Leonard: What about me?
Penny: What about you what?
Leonard: What about if you went out with me?
Penny: Are you asking me out?
Leonard: Um… yes… I am… asking you out.
Penny: Wow.
Leonard: I was just going off your comment about the nice guy…
Penny: No, I know, I got that. Yeah, totally.
Leonard (continuing through Penny): …thing and honest but, it’s no big deal…
Penny: Yes.
Leonard: Yes what?
Penny: Yes, I will go out with you.
Leonard: Really?
Penny: Yeah. Why not, I mean, what do I have to lose?

Leonard: Yeah. That’s the spirit.
Scene: The lobby. Sheldon is listening to an iPod.
Sheldon: Show me your citrus peels. Gei wo kan, ni jud di zi pei. Show me your citrus peels. Gei wo
kan, ni jud di zi pei. Show me your…
Penny (tapping him on the shoulder): Sheldon.
Sheldon (jumping in panic): Aieee ya! Xia si wo le.
Penny: I’m sorry. Look, do you have a second.
Sheldon: A second what? Pair of underwear?
Penny: I was just wondering if I could talk to you? It’s about Leonard.
Sheldon: Why me? Why not Koothrappali or Wolowitz?
Penny: Well, Raj can’t talk to me unless he’s drunk, and Wolowitz is, you know, disgusting.
Sheldon: Yes, I suppose he is.
Penny: All I’m saying is, you know Leonard the best.
Sheldon: Not necessarily. I’m often surprised by my lack of familiarity with Leonard. Just the other
day I discovered, he not only has a loofah, he hides it. Why do you suppose a man would be ashamed
of having a loofah? I myself prefer to have my excess epithelial cells slough off naturally, but I don’t
condemn those who seek to accelerate the process. (Time shift) And until recently I had no idea that
despite his lactose intolerance, he can tolerate small amounts of non-fat ice cream without producing a
noxious gas that I maintain in the right concentration could be weaponised. (Begins to unlock
apartment door.)
Penny: Leonard might come home, can we talk in my apartment.
Sheldon: We’re not done?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Ach, why not? We’re already through the looking glass anyway.
Penny: Okay, so, here’s the thing. I guess you’re aware that Leonard asked me out.
Sheldon: Well, he didn’t actually say anything, but when he came back to the apartment he was doing
a dance that brought to mind the happy hippos in Fantasia.
Penny: Oh, that’s nice. Anyhow, the thing I wanted to talk to you about is, you know, since Leonard
and I have become friends, I was just… want to sit down?
Sheldon: Oh, I wish it were that simple. You see, I don’t spend much time here and so I’ve never
really chosen a place to sit.
Penny: Well, choose.
Sheldon: There are a number of options and, I’m really not familiar enough with the cushion densities,
air flow patterns and dispersion of sunlight to make an informed choice.

Penny: Alright, why don’t you just pick one at random, and then if you don’t like it you can sit
somewhere else next time.
Sheldon: No, no, that’s crazy. You go ahead and talk while I figure it out.
Penny: Okay. Um, here’s the thing. So, I’ve known for a while now that Leonard has had a little crush
on me…
Sheldon: A little crush? Well I suppose so, in the same way Menelaus had a little crush on Helen of
Troy.
Penny: Alright, yeah, I don’t really know who they are…
Sheldon: Well Menelaus was the brother of Agamemnon…
Penny: Yeah, I don’t care, I don’t care. The point is Leonard isn’t the kind of guy I usually go out
with.
Sheldon: Leonard isn’t the kind of guy anyone usually goes out with. Would you be open to rotating
the couch clockwise thirty degrees?
Penny: No. What I’m saying is, Leonard might be different in a good way. Obviously my usual
choices have not worked out so well.
Sheldon: The last one worked out well for Koothrappali. He got a free iPod. Oh, glare!
Penny: But on the other hand, if things don’t go well with Leonard, I risk losing a really good friend. I
mean, I guess he’s not looking for a fling, he’s the kind of guy that gets into a relationship for, I don’t
know, like you would say light years.
Sheldon: I would not say that. No-one would say that, a light year is a unit of distance, not time.
Penny: Thank you for the clarification.
Sheldon: Draft. You see people hear the word year and they think duration. Foot pound has the same
problem, that’s a unit of work, not of weight.
Penny: Right, thanks.
Sheldon: It’s a common mistake.
Penny: Not the first one I’ve made today.
Sheldon: Okay. I think this will be my seat.
Penny: Sheldon, do you have anything to say that has anything to do with, you know, what I’m
talking about.
Sheldon: Well, let’s see. We might consider Schrodinger’s Cat.
Penny: Schrodinger? Is that the woman in 2A?
Sheldon: No. That’s Mrs Grossinger. And she doesn’t have a cat, she has a Mexican hairless,
annoying little animal, yip yip yip yip…
Penny: Sheldon!

Sheldon: Sorry, you diverted me. Anyway, in 1935, Erwin Schrodinger, in an attempt to explain the
Copenhagen interpretation of quantum physics, he proposed an experiment where a cat is placed in a
box with a sealed vial of poison that will break open at a random time. Now, since no-one knows
when or if the poison has been released, until the box is opened, the cat can be thought of as both alive
and dead.
Penny: I’m sorry, I don’t get the point.
Sheldon: Well of course you don’t get it, I haven’t made it yet. You’d have to be psychic to get it, and
there’s no such thing as psychic.
Penny: Sheldon, what’s the point?
Sheldon: Just like Schrodinger’s Cat, your potential relationship with Leonard right now can be
thought of as both good and bad. It is only by opening the box that you’ll find out which it is.
Penny: Okay, so you’re saying I should go out with Leonard.
Sheldon: No, no, no, no, no, no. Let me start again. In 1935, Erwin Schrodinger…
Scene: The University cafeteria.
Leonard (pointing): Two seats right there.
Sheldon (to two oriental-looking people occupying the other seats): Chong sho sha pwe. (Caption
translates to “Long Live Concrete”.) Xie xie. (Thank you)
Leonard: Sheldon, I think I’ve made a mistake.
Sheldon: I can see that. Unless you’re planning on running a marathon, choosing both stuffing and
mashed potatoes is a starch filled redundancy.
Leonard: No, it’s about Penny.
Sheldon: A mistake involving Penny? Okay, you’ll have to narrow it down.
Leonard: I don’t think I can go out with her tonight.
Sheldon: Then don’t.
Leonard: Other people would say “why not?”
Sheldon: Other people might be interested.
Leonard: I’m going to talk anyway.
Sheldon: I assumed you would.
Leonard: Now that I’m actually about to go out with Penny, I’m not excited, I’m nauseous.
Sheldon: Ah, then your meal choice is appropriate. Starch absorbs fluid which reduces the amount of
vomit available for violent expulsion.
Leonard: Right.
Sheldon: You also made a common grammatical mistake, you said nauseous when you meant
nauseated. But go on.
Leonard: Sheldon, this date is probably my one chance with Penny, what happens if I blow it.

Sheldon: Well, if we accept your premise, and also accept the highly improbable assumption that
Penny is the only woman in the world for you then we can logically conclude that the result of
blowing it would be that you end up a lonely, bitter old man with no progeny. The image of any
number of evil lighthouse keepers from Scooby Doo cartoons comes to mind.
Leonard: You’re not helping.
Sheldon: Alright, what response on my part would bring this conversation to a speedy conclusion?
Leonard: Tell me whether or not to go through with the date.
Sheldon: Schrodinger’s Cat.
Leonard: Wow, that’s brilliant.
Sheldon: You sound surprised. Mmm, hou zi shui zai li du. (Your monkey sleeps inside me.)
Scene: Leonard approaches Penny’s door. He is wearing a suit. He knocks. Penny answers.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Hi.
Penny: come on in.
Leonard: Thank you. You look very nice.
Penny: Thank you. So do you.
Leonard: I made an eight o’clock reservation.
Penny: Okay, great, listen, um, maybe we should talk first.
Leonard: Oh. Okay. But before you say anything, have you ever heard of Schrodinger’s Cat?
Penny: Actually, I’ve heard far too much about Schrodinger’s Cat.
Leonard: Good. (He grabs her and kisses her.)
Penny: Alright, the cat’s alive, let’s go to dinner.
Scene: The Szechuan Palace.
Sheldon (in Mandarin): Show me your mucus! Your mucus!
Owner (in Mandarin): Blow your own nose and go away.
Sheldon (in Mandarin): This is not a tangerine bicycle.
Owner (in English): Crazy man. Call the police.
Sheldon (in Mandarin): No. Don’t call the library. Show me your mucus. (Leonard and Penny are
seen entering, and then leaving again quickly.) Oxen are in my bed! Many, many oxen! Oy Vey!

