Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 07
Scene: The apartment, the living room.
Howard: Watch this, it’s really cool. Call Leonard Hofstadter.
Howard’s phone: Did you say, call Helen Boxleitner?
Howard: No. Call Leonard Hofstadter.
Howard’s phone: Did you say, call Temple Beth Sader.
Howard: No.
Leonard: Here, let me try. Call McFlono McFloonyloo. Heh-heh.
Howard’s phone: Calling Rajesh Koothrappali. (Raj’s phone rings).
Raj: Oh, that’s very impressive. And a little racist.
Sheldon: If we’re all through playing mock the flawed technology, can we get on with Halo night, we
were supposed to start at eight, it is now 8:06.
Leonard: So? We’ll start now.
Sheldon: Yes, first we have to decide if those lost six minutes will be coming out of game time,
bathroom time or the pizza break.
Raj: We can split it two, two and two.
Howard: If we’re having anchovies on the pizza we can’t take it out of bathroom time. (There is a
knock on the door.)
Sheldon: Oh, what fresh hell is this?
Leonard (opening door): Hey Penny, come on in.
Penny: Hey guys.
Howard: See a Penny, pick her up, and all the day you’ll have good luck.
Penny: No you won’t. Uh, can I hide out here for a while.
Leonard: Sure. What’s going on.
Penny: Well, there’s this girl I know from back in Nebraska, Christie, well anyway she called me up
and she’s like “Hey, how’s California,” and I’m like “Awesome” ‘cos, you know, it’s not Nebraska,
and the next thing I know she’s invited herself out here to stay with me.
Sheldon: 8:08.
Penny: Anyway, she got here today, and she’s just been in my apartment, yakkety-yakking about
every guy she’s slept with in Omaha, which is basically every guy in Omaha, and washing the sluttiest
collection of underwear you have ever seen in my bathroom sink.

Howard: Well, is she doing it one thong at a time, or does she just throw it all in, like some sort of
erotic bouillabaisse.
Penny: He really needs to dial it down.
Leonard: So, if you don’t like this Christie, why are you letting her stay?
Penny: Well, she was engaged to my cousin while she was sleeping with my brother, so she’s kind of
family.
Sheldon: You know, I apologise for my earlier outburst, who needs Halo when we can be regaled with
the delightfully folksy tale of the whore of Omaha?
Leonard: Oh, I don’t think she’s a whore.
Penny: No, yeah she’s definitely a whore. I mean, she has absolutely no standards, this one time, she
was at… where’s Howard?
Howard (voice off): Bonjour mademoiselle, I understand you’re new in town.
Sheldon: Oh good grief.
Credit Sequence
Scene: Penny, Sheldon, Raj and Leonard stand in the apartment doorway. Romantic music plays from
Penny’s apartment door.
Penny: Ugh, I cannot believe Christie let Howard into my apartment.
Sheldon: And I cannot believe people pay for horoscopes, but on a more serious note it’s 8:13 and
we’re still not playing Halo.
Leonard: Okay, fine, we’ll just play one on one until he gets back.
Sheldon: One on one? We don’t play one on one, we play teams, not one on one. One on one!
Leonard: Well the only way we can play teams at this point is if we cut Raj in half.
Raj: Oh, sure, cut the foreigner in half, there’s a billion more where he came from.
Penny: Hey, if you guys need a fourth, I’ll play.
Leonard: Great idea.
Sheldon: Uh, no. The wheel was a great idea. Relativity was a great idea. This is a notion, and a rather
sucky one at that.
Penny: Why?
Sheldon: Why? Oh, Penny, Penny, Penny.
Penny: Oh, what, what, what?
Sheldon: This is a complex battle simulation with a steep learning curve, there are myriad weapons,
vehicles and strategies to master, not to mention an extremely intricate back-story.
Penny (picking up a controller, there is the sound of an explosion from the television): Oh cool, whose
head did I just blow off?

Sheldon: Mine.
Penny: Okay, I got this, lock and load boys.
Leonard: It’s the only way we can play teams.
Sheldon: Yes, but whoever’s her partner will be hamstrung by her lack of experience and not to
mention that fact that sh…. (another explosion)
Penny: Ha-ha, there goes your head again.
Sheldon: Okay, this isn’t at all good sportsmanship to shoot somebody who’s just respawned, you
need to give them a chance to (explosion) now come on!
Time shift
Sheldon: Raj, Raj, she’s got me cornered, cover me.
Penny: Cover this, suckers. Ha-ha-ha!
Leonard: Penny, you are on fire.
Penny: Yeah, so is Sheldon.
Sheldon: Okay, that’s it, I don’t know how, but she is cheating. No-one can be that attractive and be
this skilled at a video game.
Penny: Wait, wait, Sheldon, come back, you forgot something.
Sheldon: What?
Penny: This plasma grenade. (Explosion.) Ha! Look, it’s raining you!
Sheldon: You laugh now, you just wait until you need tech support.
Penny: Gosh, he’s kind of a sore loser, isn’t he?
Leonard: Well, to be fair, he is also a rather unpleasant winner.
Penny: Well, it’s been fun.
Leonard: You know, Penny, we make such a good team, maybe we could enter a couple of Halo
tournaments sometime.
Penny: Or we could just have a life.
Leonard: I guess for you that’s an option.
Penny: Good night, Leonard.
Leonard: Good night.
Penny: As usual, nice talking to you Raj (leaves.)
Raj: What do you suppose she meant by that?
Leonard: She’s an enigma, Raj.
Sheldon: And another thing, there’s a certain ethic to the game, Penny, a well estab…

Leonard: She’s gone, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Well she could have said goodbye.
Penny (entering again): Okay, I have a problem.
Sheldon: It’s called carpal tunnel syndrome, and quite frankly you deserve it.
Leonard: What’s wrong?
Penny: Um, well, Howard and Christie are… kind of… hooking up in my bedroom.
Leonard: Are you sure?
Penny: Look, I grew up on a farm, okay, from what I heard they’re either having sex or Howard’s
caught in a milking machine. Do you mind if I stay here tonight?
Leonard: No, take the couch, or my bed, I just got new pillows, hypo-allergenics.
Penny: Uh, the couch is good.
Sheldon: Hold that thought, Leonard, a moment.
Leonard: Let me guess, you have a problem with this.
Sheldon: Where do I begin?
Leonard: It’s up to you, crazy person’s choice.
Sheldon: Well first, we don’t have house guests, frankly if I could afford the rent I’d ask you to leave.
Leonard: Your friendship means a lot to me as well, what else?
Sheldon: Well, our earthquake supplies, we have a two day, two man kit.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: So, if there is an earthquake and the three of us are trapped here, we could be out of food by
tomorrow afternoon.
Leonard: I’m sorry, are you suggesting that if we let Penny stay we might succumb to cannibalism?
Sheldon: No-one ever thinks it will happen until it does.
Leonard: Penny, if you promise not to chew the flesh off our bones while we sleep, you can stay.
Penny: Hu.. what?
Sheldon: He’s engaging in reductio-ad-absurdum. It’s the logical fallacy of extending someone’s
argument to ridiculous proportions and then criticising the result, and I do not appreciate it.
Leonard: I’ll get you a blanket and a pillow.
Sheldon: Okay, well since I’m obviously being ignored here, let’s go over the morning schedule, I use
the bathroom from 7 to 7:20, plan your ablutions and bodily functions accordingly.
Penny: How am I supposed to plan my bodily functions?
Sheldon: I suggest no liquids after 11pm.

Leonard: Here you go.
Penny: Thanks Leonard. (Arranges pillows on left of couch.)
Sheldon: Hmmph, wrong.
Penny: I’m listening.
Sheldon: Your head goes on the other end.
Penny: Why?
Sheldon: It’s culturally universal, a bed, even a temporary bed, is always oriented with the headboard
away from the door. It serves the ancient imperative of protecting oneself against marauders.
Penny: I’ll risk it.
Sheldon: Hm!
Penny: Anything else I should know.
Sheldon: Yes. If you use my toothbrush I’ll jump out that window. Please don’t come to my funeral.
Have a good night.
Leonard: Sorry about that.
Penny: That’s okay.
Leonard: FYI, his toothbrush is the red one in the plexiglass case under the UV light.
Penny: Got it.
Leonard: Well, sleep tight.
Penny: Thanks.
Leonard: Funny expression, sleep tight. It refers to the early construction of beds which featured a
mattress suspended on interlocking ropes which would occasionally… sleep tight.
(Penny turns off light and lies down on couch. Across the room, Raj is still in the kitchen, eating a
sandwich. Realising everyone has forgotten about him, he quietly lets himself out. Penny hears the
door close, looks worried, then moves her head to the other end of the couch.)
Scene: The following morning. Sheldon is in the kitchen making breakfast. He crosses to the couch,
sees Penny sleeping there, looks lost. He is about to sit down on Penny when Leonard enters.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment, I have awakened at 6:15, poured
myself a bowl of cereal, added a quarter cup of 2% milk, sat on this end of this couch, turned on BBC
America and watched Doctor Who.
Leonard: Penny’s still sleeping.
Sheldon: Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment, I have awakened at 6:15, poured
myself a bowl of cereal….
Leonard: I know, I know, look, you have a TV in your room, why don’t you just have breakfast in bed?

Sheldon: Because I am neither an invalid nor a woman celebrating Mother’s Day.
Penny: Uh, what time is it?
Leonard: Almost 6:30.
Penny: I slept all day?
Leonard: Oh, no, it’s 6:30 in the morning.
Penny: What the hell is your problem?
Sheldon: Okay, this cereal has lost all its molecular integrity, I now have a bowl of shredded wheat
paste.
Howard (entering): Ola, nerd-migos.
Penny: Why do you people hate sleep? Are you wearing my robe?
Howard: Oh, yeah, sorry, I’ll have it cleaned.
Penny: That’s okay, keep it. Where’s Christie.
Howard: In the shower. Oh, by the way, where did you get that loofah mitt, yours reaches places that
mine just won’t.
Penny: Y-you used my loofah?
Howard: More precisely we used your loofah. I exfoliated her brains out!
Penny: You can keep that too.
Howard: Ah, well then we’ll probably need to talk about your stuffed bear collection.
Christie (voice off): Howard?
Howard: In here my lady.
Christie (entering): Mmmm, there’s my little engine that could.
Howard: chka-chka-chka-chka-chka-chka-chka (they kiss).
Sheldon: Well there’s one beloved children’s book I’ll never read again.
Christie: Hi, Christie.
Leonard: Leonard.
Sheldon: I’m Sheldon.
Christie: Right, you’re Howard’s entourage.
Penny: Uh, so Christie, what are your plans?
Christie: Oh, well, Howard said he’d take me shopping in Beverley Hills.
Penny: Yeah, no, I meant plans to find some place to live. Other than with me, not that I don’t love
having you, but it’s… a little crowded.
Leonard: Penny, you’re always welcome to stay with us.

Sheldon: Oh, terrific, now we’re running a cute little B&B.
Howard: Let me offer a little outside the box thinking here, why doesn’t Christie stay with me.
Leonard: For one thing you live with your mother.
Howard: I do not, my mother lives with me.
Sheldon: Well then, it’s all settled, Christie will stay with Howard, Penny can go back to her
apartment, and I’ll watch the last 24 minutes of Doctor Who, although at this point it’s more like
Doctor Why Bother.
Leonard: Sheldon you just can’t dictate…
Sheldon: No more talking, everybody go.
Howard: So, what do you say, you wanna repair to Castle Wolowitz?
Christie: What is that, like a Mexican deli?
Howard: I’m sorry, I should have mentioned this earlier, my last name is Wolowitz.
Christie: Oh, that’s so cool. My first Jew!
Sheldon: I imagine there aren’t many kosher corn-huskers.
Christie: But you’re still taking me shopping, right?
Howard: Anything you want.
Christie: Okay, I’ll go pack my stuff.
Howard: When they perfect human cloning I’m going to order twelve of those.
Leonard: Howard, can’t you see she’s using you?
Howard: Who cares, last night she pulled off her blouse and I wept!
Penny: Look, Howard, I know her, okay, she’ll have sex with anyone as long as they keep buying her
things.
Howard: Really?
Penny: Yeah.
Howard: Yay! If you’ll excuse me, I have some Bar-Mizvah bonds to cash.
Scene: A Chinese restaurant.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, we cannot do this without Wolowitz.
Leonard: We can’t order Chinese food without Wolowitz?
Sheldon: Let me walk you through it, our standard is, the steamed dumpling appetizer, General So’s
chicken, beef with broccoli, shrimp with lobster sauce and vegetable lo-main. Do you see the problem?
Leonard: I see a problem.
Sheldon: Our entire order is predicated on four dumplings and four entrees divided among four people.

Leonard: So, we’ll just order three entrees.
Sheldon: Fine, what do you want to eliminate, and who gets the extra dumpling.
Raj: We could cut it into thirds.
Sheldon: Then it is no longer a dumpling, once you cut it open it is at best a very small open faced
sandwich.
Waiter: Hi fellas. Oh, where’s your annoying little friend who thinks he speaks Mandarin?
Sheldon: He’s putting his needs ahead of the collective good. (Pointing at waiter) Where he comes
from, that’s punishable by death.
Waiter: I come from Sacramento.
Leonard: Can we get an order of dumplings, but with three instead of four.
Waiter: No substitutions.
Leonard: This isn’t a substitution, it’s a reduction.
Waiter: Okay, no reductions.
Leonard: Fine, bring us three orders of dumplings, that’s twelve, we’ll each have four.
Raj: That works.
Sheldon: No, if we fill up on dumplings we’ll need to eliminate another entree.
Waiter: No eliminations.
Leonard: If we have extra, we’ll just take the leftovers home.
Sheldon: And divide it how, I’m telling you we cannot do this without Wolowitz.
Leonard: Wolowitz is with his new girlfriend, if you had let me invite Penny then you would have had
your fourth.
Sheldon: Have you seen Penny eat Chinese food, she uses a fork, and she double dips her egg rolls.
Leonard: We don’t order egg rolls.
Sheldon: Exactly, but we’d have to if she was here.
Raj: Can we please make a decision, not only are there children starving in India, there’s an Indian
starving right here.
Leonard: Here’s an idea, why don’t we just go out for Indian food.
Sheldon: No.
Raj: Uurgh.
Waiter: You are nice boys. Tell you what I’m going to do. I’m going to bring you the four dumplings.
When I’m walking over to the table, maybe I get bumped, one of the dumplings falls to the floor, noone has to know.
Sheldon: I’ll know.

Waiter: (wanders away cursing in Mandarin.)
Raj: How about soup?
Leonard: Yeah, we can always divide soup.
Sheldon: What about the won-tons?
Scene: Outside Penny’s door. Leonard knocks.
Penny (answering): Oh, hey guys, what’s up?
Sheldon: It’s Halo night.
Penny: Yeah. Okay. So?
Leonard: Well, with Wolowitz spending all of his time with your friend Christie,
Penny: She’s not my friend. Friends do not get their friends care bears all sweaty.
Leonard: Right, anyway, uh, with Wolowitz occupied elsewhere, we had something we wanted to ask
you. Sheldon?
Sheldon: Yes. Penny, we would very much appreciate it if you would be the fourth member of our
Halo team. I don’t think I need to tell you what an honour this is.
Penny: Oh, that’s so sweet. But I’m going out dancing with a girlfriend.
Sheldon: You can’t go out, it’s Halo night.
Penny: Well, for Penny it’s dancing night.
Sheldon: You go dancing every Wednesday.
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Then it’s not dancing night.
Penny: Look, why don’t I play with you guys tomorrow?
Sheldon: Tonight is Halo night, it’s like talking to a wall.
Penny: Alright, now Sheldon, you and I are about to have a problem.
Leonard: Sheldon, remember, we role-played this.
Sheldon: Yes, but you didn’t portray her as completely irrational.
Penny: Alright fellas, I gotta go. Good luck.
Leonard: Maybe we should have asked if we could go dancing with her and her girlfriend.
Sheldon: Okay, assuming we could dance, which we can’t, there are three of us and two of them.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: It’s the Chinese restaurant all over again. I assure you that cutting a dumpling in thirds is
child’s play compared with three men, each attempting to dance with 67% of a woman.
Leonard: Aaah, for God’s sake, Sheldon, you are driving me crazy.

Sheldon: Your anger’s not with me, sir, but with basic mathematics.
Leonard: No, I’m pretty sure my anger’s with you.
Raj: What’s happening to us? We’re falling apart.
Leonard: Who are you calling?
Sheldon: The only man who can restore any semblance of balance to our universe.
Howard (voice): Hi this is Howard Wolowitz.
Christie (voice): And this is Christie Van Der Bell.
Howard (voice): We can’t get to the phone right now because we’re having sex.
Christie (voice): You’re not going to put that on your message are you?
Howard (voice): No, I’m just kidding, I’ll re-record it. (beep)
Scene: Outside Howard’s house.
Leonard: Sheldon, think this through, you’re going to ask Howard to choose between sex and Halo.
Sheldon: No, I’m going to ask him to choose between sex and Halo 3. As far as I know, sex has not
been upgraded to include high-def graphics and enhanced weapon systems.
Leonard: You’re right, all sex has is nudity, orgasms and human contact.
Sheldon: My point.
Christie (voice from within): I’m just saying, you can take the damned plastic off the couch once in a
while.
Howard’s Mother (voice): Why, so you and Howard can hump on it?
Howard (voice): Ladies, ladies, I’m sure there’s a middle ground.
Christie and Howard’s Mother together: Shut up Howard.
Howard (voice): You girl’s talk, I’m going to take my scooter out for a little spin.
Christie (voice as Howard emerges through door): Are you happy, you drove your own son out of the
house.
Howard’s Mother (voice): Why don’t you stop butting in where you don’t belong.
Howard: What are you guys doing here?
Sheldon: It’s Halo night.
Howard’s Mother (voice): He’s not a man, he’s a putz, and don’t you take that tone with me, you gold
digger.
Christie (voice): What did you call me?
Howard’s Mother (voice): You heard me, and I’ll tell you something else, you’re barking up the
wrong tree, cos as long as you’re around, Howard is out of the will.

Christie: (voice): You know what, I got better offers, I’m out of here.
Howard’s Mother (voice): That’s right, go back to Babylon, you whore.
Howard: So, Halo night, huh?
Raj: I thought she was the whore of Omaha?
Sheldon: Shhh!
Scene: The apartment, Halo night.
Howard: Sheldon, you got him in your sights, fire, he’s charging his plasma rifle.
Sheldon: I can’t shoot now, I’m cloaking.
Leonard: Now, Raj, kill Sheldon.
Raj: I can’t see him.
Sheldon: That’s why the call it cloaking, dead man.
Leonard: Well then start throwing grenades.
Raj: I’m all out.
Penny (entering with three other sexy women): Hi guys, my friends and I got tired of dancing, so we
came over to have sex with you.
Leonard: That will do, Raj, straight for the tank.
Sheldon: We said no tanks.
Raj: There are no rules in hell!
Howard: Son of a bitch, medpack, I need a medpack!
Penny: Told yah! (They leave).
Leonard: There’s a sniper, use your rocket launcher.
Raj: All I’ve got is a needler, and I’m all out of ammo.
Sheldon: And now you’re out of life. Why did you hit pause?
Leonard: I thought I heard something.
Raj: What?
Leonard: No, never mind, alright, go.

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 08
Scene: The Apartment.
Sheldon: Damn you, walletnook.com.
Leonard: Problem?
Sheldon: The online description was completely misleading, they said eight slots plus removable ID,
to any rational person that would mean room for nine cards, but they don’t tell you the removable ID
takes up one slot, it’s a nightmare.
Leonard: Okay, now, do you really need the honorary Justice League of America membership card?
Sheldon: It’s been in every wallet I’ve owned since I was five.
Leonard: Why?
Sheldon: It says keep this on your person at all times. (Knock on door) It’s right here under Batman’s
signature.
Leonard opens door. Raj and Howard are outside. Raj is holding a laptop which is open. His parents
are on the screen.
Raj: And this is Leonard and Sheldon’s apartment.
Howard: Guess whose parents just got broadband.
Raj: May I present, live from New Delhi, Dr and Mrs V. M. Koothrappali.
Leonard: Hi.
Dr Koothrappali: Lift up the camera. I’m looking at his crotch.
Raj: Sorry papa.
Dr Koothrappali: Oh, there’s much better. Hi.
Leonard: Hi!
Raj: And over here is Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hi.
Raj: He lives with Leonard.
Mrs Koothrappali: Oh, that’s nice. Like Haroun and Tanweer.
Raj: No, no, not like Haroun and Tanweer.
Mrs Koothrappali: Such sweet young men, they just adopted the cutest little Punjabi baby.
Leonard: Yeah, we’re not like Haroun and Tanweer!
Dr Koothrappali: So are you boys academics like our son?

Together: Yes.
Dr Koothrappali: And your parents are comfortable with your limited earning potential?
Together: Not at all.
Raj: Papa, please don’t start.
Dr Koothrappali: God, it’s just a question, he’s so sensitive.
Raj: Okay, that’s my life, that’s my friends, good to see you, say goodbye.
Together: Bye!
Dr Koothrappali: Wait, wait. Before you go we have good news. Put the computer down and gather
your friends.
Raj: What is it papa.
Dr Koothrappali: Friends.
Howard (as they gather): Is it just me, or does webchatting with your clothes on seem a little pointless.
Mrs Koothrappali: Rajesh, do you remember Lalita Gupta?
Raj: The little fat girl that used to kick me in the samosas and call me untouchable.
Mrs Koothrappali: Yes. Well, now she’s a dental student at USC, so we gave her your contact
information.
Raj: Why did you do that?
Dr Koothrappali: You’re 26 years old Rajesh. We want grandchildren.
Raj: But Papa, I’m not supposed…
Mrs Koothrappali: Lalita’s parents approve the match.
Dr Koothrappali: If you decide on a spring wedding, we can avoid monsoon season.
Raj: Spring wedding?
Mrs Koothrappali: It’s up to you dear, we don’t want to meddle.
Raj: If you don’t want to meddle, then why are you meddling.
Sheldon: If I may, your parents probably don’t consider this meddling, while arranged marriages are
no longer the norm, Indian parents continue to have a greater than average involvement in their
children’s lives.
Raj: Why are you telling me about my own culture?
Sheldon: You seemed confused.
Raj: Sorry, Mommy, Papa, but with all due respect I really can’t go through…
Mrs Koothrappali: Sorry darling, we have to go. Doogie Howser is on. Grandma, it’s Doogie time!
Bye bye.

Dr Koothrappali: Bye bye.
Raj: I don’t believe it.
Howard: Neither do I. Doogie Howser’s been off the air for like, twenty years.
Leonard: Actually, I read somewhere that it’s one of the most popular programmes in India.
Sheldon: It might speak to a cultural aspiration to have one’s children enter the medical profession.
Leonard: I bet you’re right.
Howard: I bet they love Scrubs.
Sheldon: What’s not to love?
Raj: Excuse me, hello? My parents are trying to marry me off to a total stranger, what am I going to
do?
Sheldon: I suggest you go through with it.
Raj: What?
Sheldon: Romantic love as the basis for marriage has only existed since the nineteenth century. Up
until then, arranged marriages were the norm, and it served society quite well.
Howard: It’s the entire premise of Fiddler on the Roof.
Leonard: I’m not a big fan of musicals, but I love that show.
Howard: Me too. Of course, it speaks to me culturally.
Sheldon: Understandable, but there’s a universality to that story which transcends ethnicity.
Howard: Let’s not forget it’s got some really catchy tunes.
All: (various noises of agreement)
Raj: Okay, I know what I’m going to do.
Leonard: What?
Raj: Find new friends.
Howard: So who wants to rent Fiddler?
Sheldon: No need, we have the special edition.
Leonard: Well, maybe we are like Haroun and Tanweer.
Credits sequence
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon (on phone): This is Dr Sheldon Cooper. Yeah, I need to cancel my membership to the
Planetarium. Yeah, well I’m sorry too, but there’s just no room for you in my wallet. Yeah, I
understand, but it was between you and the Museum of Natural History and, frankly, you don’t have
dinosaurs. Well I’ll miss you too, bye bye. Okay, I know you’re texting about me, and I’d really like
you to stop.

Raj (entering): Oh dear, I am rightly and truly screwed.
Leonard: Hey, I thought you were finding new friends.
Raj: I’ve got some feelers out. In the meantime, listen to this.
Lalita (voice from Raj’s phone): Hi Rajesh, this is Lalita Gupta. Your mother gave my mother your
phone number to give to me. So I’m calling you, and, ah… call me back. Bye.
Raj: Can you believe how pushy she is?
Leonard: So don’t call her.
Raj: If I don’t call her, I won’t hear the end of it from my parents.
Leonard: So call her.
Raj: How can I call her, you know I can’t talk to women.
Leonard: I’m done, anybody else?
Howard: Give me the phone.
Raj: Why?
Howard: Just give it to me. (Dials)
Raj: What are you doing?
Howard: Don’t worry, you’ll thank me. (In a fake Indian accent) Hello Lalita, Raj Koothrappali. (Raj
starts to chase Howard across the room.) Yes it is good to talk to you too. So, what are you wearing.
Oh, not important, so, anyhow, when would you like to meet. Friday works for me. And I call you
with the time and place, but in the meantime, keep it real babe. (In own voice) You may now thank me.
Raj: For what, making me sound like a Simpsons character?
Howard: Fine, next time make your own date.
Raj: I didn’t want to make this one.
Leonard: Look on the bright side, she might turn out to be a nice, beautiful girl.
Raj: Great, then we’ll get married, I won’t be able to talk to her, and we’ll spend the rest of our lives
in total silence.
Howard: Worked for my parents.
Penny (knocking and entering): Hi guys.
Leonard: Oh, hey.
Penny: I need some guinea pigs.
Sheldon: Okay, there’s a lab animal supply company in Reseda you could try, but if your research is
going to have human applications may I suggest white mice instead, their brain chemistry is far closer
to ours.
Penny: I swear to God, Sheldon, one day I’m going to get the hang of talking to you.

Leonard: His mom’s been saying that for years. What’s up?
Penny: Well, I finally convinced the restaurant to give me a bar tending shift, so I need to practice
making drinks.
Leonard: Oh, great, well the key to acquiring proficiency in any task is repetition.
Sheldon: With certain obvious exceptions. Suicide, for example.
Penny: So Leonard, how about it?
Leonard: Look, Penny, we’d love to help you, but Raj is going through some stuff right now. And
besides, he doesn’t drink, so… (Raj whispers in his ear) Really? Um, Raj is going through some stuff
right now and he’d like to take up drinking.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Okay, here you go, Leonard, one tequila sunrise.
Leonard: Thank you. This drink is a wonderful example of how liquids with different specific
gravities interact in a cylindrical container. Thank you.
Penny: Okay, Raj, what’ll it be? (Raj whispers in Leonard’s ear.)
Leonard: Whatever you recommend.
Penny: Uh, how about a grasshopper. I make a mean grasshopper. Okay? Good. Coming up. Sheldon,
what are you going to have?
Sheldon: I’ll have a diet coke.
Penny: Okay, can you please order a cocktail, I need to practice mixing drinks.
Sheldon: Fine. I’ll have a virgin cuba libre.
Penny: That’s, um, rum and coke without the rum.
Sheldon: Yes,
Penny: So coke.
Sheldon: Yes. And would you make it diet?
Penny: There’s a can in the fridge.
Sheldon: A cuba libre traditionally comes in a tall glass with a lime wedge.
Penny: Then swim to Cuba.
Sheldon: Bartenders are supposed to have people skills.
Penny: Okay, Raj, here you go. Alright, who’s next?
Howard: I’d like to try a slippery nipple.
Penny: Okay, you’re cut off. Anybody need a refill?
Raj: Where did my life go, Penny? One day I’m a carefree batchelor, and the next I’m married and
driving a minivan to peewee cricket matches in suburban New Delhi.

Penny: A… are you talking to me?
Raj: Is there another Penny here? I had such plans. I had dreams. I was going to be the Indira Gandhi
of particle astro-physics. But with a penis, of course.
Leonard: It’s amazing.
Raj: Ever since I was a little boy my father wanted me to be a gynaecologist like him. How can I be a
gynaecologist, I can barely look a woman in the eye. You know what, I’m not going to let my parents
control my future any longer, it’s time for a showdown. Somebody give me a computer with a
webcam.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, I think that’s the grasshopper talking.
Raj: And it’s about to tell my parents that I’m not riding an elephant down the aisle with Lalita Gupta.
Penny: Okay, calm down, no-one can make you get married. Why don’t you just meet this girl and,
see what happens.
Raj: Haven’t you been listening to me, I cannot talk to women.
Leonard: Um… Raj.
Howard: No, no, let’s see how long it takes him.
Penny: Um, Raj, honey, you say you can’t talk to women but… you’ve been talking to me.
Sheldon: And now we’ll never know.
Raj: You’re right. I… I am talking to you. Hello Penny, how are you?
Penny: I’m fine.
Raj: Okay, now I just need to make sure I have a Lalita before I meet the grasshopper. It’s a sweet
green miracle.
Penny: Okay, if you’re going to drink on this date just promise me you won’t overdo it.
Raj: Overdo what? Happiness? Freedom? This warm glow inside of me that promises everything is
going to be all hunky donkey?
Penny: Yeah, that. Uh, why don’t you bring her to my restaurant when I’m tending the bar so I can
keep an eye on you?
Raj: Okay.
Leonard: Wait a minute, what’s the plan here? Let’s say he meets her and he likes her and they get
married, what’s he going to do, stay drunk for the rest of his life?
Howard: Worked for my parents.
Scene: The restaurant.
Raj: I can’t believe I’m sitting here next to little Lalita Gupta.
Lalita: Well, you are.
Raj: Little Lalita. That’s kind of fun to say. Little Lalita, Little Lalita, Little Lalita, you should try it.

Lalita: No, it’s okay.
Raj: You have lost so much weight! That must have been difficult for you because you were so, so fat!
Do you remember?
Lalita: Yes, I do.
Raj: Of course you do. Who could forget being that fat?
Lalita: Well, I’ve been trying.
Raj: So you’re a dental student? Hmm, are you aware that dentists have an extremely high suicide rate?
Not as high as, say, air traffic controllers, but then there are far more dentists than air traffic
controllers, so in pure numbers you’re still winning.
Lalita: Yay me!
Leonard (to Penny): You have a drink that’ll make him less obnoxious?
Penny: Drinks do not work that way.
Howard: I’d say he was doing fine, look at her, last girl my mom set me up with had a moustache and
a vestigial tail.
Sheldon: Sorry I’m late.
Leonard: What happened?
Sheldon: Nothing, I just really didn’t want to come. Virgin diet cuba libre please.
Penny: Okay.
Sheldon: In a tall glass, with a lime wedge.
Penny: Oh, I’ll wedge it right in there.
Sheldon: So, how’s Koothrappali d…. oh my Lord.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: That’s Princess Punchali.
Leonard: I’m pretty sure her name’s Lalita.
Sheldon: No, no, Princess Punchali from The Monkey and the Princess.
Howard: Oh, yeah, I tried to watch that online, but they wanted a credit card.
Sheldon: It’s a children’s story.
Howard: Oh, no it isn’t.
Sheldon: When I was a little boy and got sick, which was most of the time, my mother would read it
to me. It’s about an Indian princess who befriends a monkey, who was mocked by all the other
monkeys because he was different. For some reason I related to it quite strongly.
Penny: I know the reason.
Leonard: We all know the reason. Sheldon, what are you getting at?

Sheldon: That woman looks exactly like the pictures of Princess Punchali in the book. How often does
one see a beloved fictional character come to life?
Howard: Every year at Comic Con. Every day at Disneyland you can hire Snow White to come to
your house. Course they prefer it if you have a kid, but…
Raj: Hey guys. This is Lalita Gupta, Lalita this is Leonard and Sheldon and Howard and Penny. Isn’t
it great, she isn’t fat any more!
Sheldon: Forgive me your highness, for I am but a monkey, and it is in my nature to climb. I did not
mean to gaze upon you as you comb your hair.
Lalita: I’m sorry?
Sheldon: You are the living embodiment of the beautiful Princess Punchali.
Lalita: Oh, no kidding? Oh, who is that?
Sheldon: A beloved character from an Indian folk tale.
Lalita: Oh. Us Indian, or “come to our casino” Indian?
Sheldon: You Indian.
Lalita: Oh.
Sheldon: The resemblance is remarkable. I can practically smell the lotus blossoms woven into your
ebony hair.
Lalita: Thanks. I imagine you smell very nice too.
Sheldon: I shower twice a day and wash my hands as often as I can.
Lalita: Really, so do I.
Raj: But you’re a dentist, he’s nuts.
Lalita: Don’t be insulting Rajesh. So, Sheldon, tell me more about this princess you say I look like.
Sheldon: It was said that the Gods fashioned her eyes out of the stars, and that roses were ashamed to
bloom in the presence of her ruby lips.
Lalita: Oh my.
Raj: Back off Sheldon.
Sheldon: What?
Raj: If you do not stop hitting on my lady you will feel the full extent of my wrath.
Sheldon: I’m not hitting on her.
Lalita: And I am not your lady.
Howard: And you have no wrath.
Raj: You are my lady. Our parents said so. We are for all intents and purposes one hundred percent
hooked up.

Lalita: Okay, let’s get something straight here. The only reason I came tonight was to get my parents
off my case, I certainly don’t need to be getting this old world crap from you.
Sheldon: Exactly the kind of spirit with which Princess Punchali led the monkeys to freedom.
Raj: Oh, screw Princess Punchali.
Lalita: Hey, you can’t talk to me like that.
Raj: But you’re not Princess Punchali.
Sheldon: Luckily for you, she could have you beheaded.
Lalita: Sheldon, are you hungry?
Sheldon: I could eat.
Lalita: Let’s go.
Raj: What just happened?
Leonard: Beats the hell out of me.
Howard: I’ll tell you what just happened, I just learned how to pick up Indian chicks.
Scene: The apartment. Raj is talking to his parents on the webcam.
Mrs Koothrappali: What are we supposed to say to Lalita’s parents?
Dr Koothrappali: I play golf with her father, I won’t be able to look at him.
Raj: Maybe you should keep your eye on the ball, Papa.
Dr Koothrappali: Oh, now you’re a funny man? This is not funny, Mr Funny Man.
Leonard: Doctor and Mrs Koothrappali, in all fairness, it wasn’t entirely Raj’s fault.
Dr Koothrappali: This is a family matter Sheldon.
Leonard: No, I’m Leonard.
Dr Koothrappali: Oh, sorry, you all look alike to us.
Raj: But he’s right, Papa, listen to him. (Sheldon enters) You! You are the one who ruined everything!
Mrs Koothrappali: Who is it? We can’t see.
Dr Koothrappali: Turn us, turn us.
Raj: Go ahead, tell my parents why they won’t have any grandchildren.
Sheldon: How would I know, do you have a low sperm count?
Raj: This has nothing to do with my sperm count.
Mrs Koothrappali: You are wearing the boxers that we sent you, aren’t you Rajesh.
Raj: Yes Mommy.
Mrs Koothrappali: Because you know what happens to the samosas when you wear the tidy whities.

Raj: Can we please stop talking about my testicles? Sheldon, tell them what you did.
Sheldon: What did I do?
Leonard: You left with his date. Friends don’t do that to each other.
Sheldon: Oh. Alright, noted. Sorry.
Raj: Sorry? That’s all you can say is sorry?
Leonard: Take it, Raj. It’s more than I’ve ever gotten.
Sheldon: And may I point out she wouldn’t have asked me to go with her if you hadn’t been drunk
and boring.
Dr Koothrappali: Drunk?
Sheldon: And boring, her words.
Dr Koothrappali: I knew it, he moves to America and becomes an alcoholic.
Raj: I’m not an alcoholic.
Dr Koothrappali: Then why were you drunk?
Raj: It was just this one time, Papa, I swear.
Dr Koothrappali: Are you in denial? Do we have to come over and do an intervention?
Mrs Koothrappali: Don’t embarrass him in front of his friends.
Dr Koothrappali: Alright. Carry us outside, we want to talk to you in private.
Raj: But Papa, please….
Dr Koothrappali: Now, Rajesh.
Raj (to Leonard and Sheldon): I have to go.
Dr Koothrappali: Now listen to me….
Raj: Please wait until I get into the hall.
Sheldon: Okay, well, good night.
Leonard: Hold on. What happened with you and Lalita?
Sheldon: We ate. She lectured me on the link between gum disease and heart attacks, nothing I didn’t
already know, and I came home.
Leonard: So you’re not going to see her again?
Sheldon: Why would I see her again? I already have a dentist. (Exits)
Leonard: I wonder who’s going to tell his parents they’re not having grandchildren.
Scene: Penny’s restaurant. Sheldon is on the piano, singing “To Life” from Fiddler on the Roof
enthusiastically.
Leonard: I don’t believe it, what’s gotten into him?

Penny: Oh, maybe a couple of virgin cuba libres that turned out to be kind of slutty.
Leonard: You didn’t?
Penny: Hey, you do your experiments, I do mine.

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 09
Scene: The apartment, Leonard is attaching something to a lamp.
Leonard: Okay, the X10s are online.
Howard: Gentlemen, I am now about to send a signal from this laptop through our local ISP, racing
down fibre-optic cable at the speed of light to San Francisco, bouncing off a satellite in
geosynchronous orbit to Lisbon, Portugal, where the data packets will be handed off to submerged
transatlantic cables terminating in Halifax, Nova-Scotia, and transferred across the continent via
microwave relays back to our ISP and the X10 receiver attached to this (clicks mouse, lamp switches
on) lamp. (The others cheer and clap).
Sheldon: Look at me, look at me, I’ve got goosebumps.
Howard: Are we ready on the stereo?
Raj: Go for stereo.
(Howard clicks mouse again. Also Sprach Zarathustra begins to play. At the climactic notes, the four
jump in the air and begin pretend conducting or jumping about in time to the music.)
Penny (entering): Hey guys.
All (calming down, embarrassed): Hello.
Penny: It’s a little loud.
Howard: No problem, turning it down. (Using mouse again) San Francisco, Lisbon, Halifax (the
music gets quieter) et voila.
Penny: Okay, thanks.
Leonard: Hang on, hang on, do you not realise what we just did.
Penny: Yeah, you turned your stereo down with your laptop.
Sheldon: No, we turned our stereo down by sending a signal around the world via the internet.
Penny: Oh. You know you can just get one of those universal remotes at Radio Shack, they’re really
cheap.
Leonard: No, no, no, you don’t get it, um, Howard, enable public access.
Howard: Public access enabled. (They all stare around for a moment in silence.)
Penny: Boy, that’s brilliant, but I’ll see you.
Leonard: No, hang on, hang on. (The lamp goes off and on again.) See!
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Someone in Sezchuan province, China is using his computer to turn our lights on and off.
Penny: Huh, well that’s handy. Um, here’s a question, why?

All together: Because we can. (There is a loud noise)
Sheldon: They found the remote controlled cars.
Penny: Well, wait, wait, what’s on top of them.
Leonard: Wireless webcams, wave hello.
Howard: The monster truck is out of Austin, Texas, and the blue Viper is being operated from
suburban Tel Aviv.
Sheldon: You may want to put on slacks.
Penny: What? (Seeing red car is trying to get between her legs) Ew, stop it, no, leave me alone.
Leonard: Who’s running the red Corvette?
Howard: That would be me.
Credits sequence
Scene: The same, clearing up.
Sheldon: You know, in the future, when we’re disembodied brains in jars, we’re going to look back
on this as eight hours well wasted.
Raj: I don’t want to be in a jar. I want my brain in an android body. Eight feet tall and ripped.
Howard: I’m with you. I just have to make sure if I’m a synthetic human I’d still be Jewish. I
promised my mother.
Raj: I suppose you could have your android penis circumcised. But that’s something your Rabbi
would have to discuss with the manufacturers.
Sheldon: Not to mention you’d have to power down on Saturdays.
Leonard: Sheldon, why is this letter in the trash?
Sheldon: Well, there’s always the possibility that a trash can spontaneously formed around the letter,
but Occam’s Razor would suggest that someone threw it out.
Leonard: It’s from the Institute for Experimental Physics. They want us to present our paper on the
properties of super solids at the topical conference on Bowes-Einstein condensates.
Sheldon: I know. I read it before I threw it out.
Leonard: Okay… if I may drill down to the bedrock of my question, why did you throw it out.
Sheldon: Because I have no interest in standing in the Rose Room of the Pasadena Marriott in front of
a group of judgemental strangers, who wouldn’t recognise true genius if it were standing in front of
them giving a speech. Which, if I were there, it would be.
Howard: I don’t know, Sheldon, those topical conferences on Bowes-Einstein condensates parties are
legendary.
Leonard: Forget the parties.
Howard: Forget the parties? What a nerd.

Leonard: Are there any other honours I’ve gotten that I don’t know about? Did UPS drop off a Nobel
Prize with my name on it?
Sheldon: Leonard, please don’t take this the wrong way, but the day you win a Nobel Prize, is the day
I begin my research on the drag co-efficient of tassles on flying carpets.
Raj: Hoo-hoo-hoo. The only thing missing from that insult was “yo mamma.”
Howard: I’ve got one, hey Leonard, your mamma’s research methodology is so flawed….
Leonard: Shut up, Howard. Sheldon, we have to do this.
Sheldon: No we don’t. We have to take in nourishment, expel waste, and inhale enough oxygen to
keep ourselves from dying, everything else is optional.
Leonard: Okay, let me put it this way, I’m doing it.
Sheldon: You can’t. I’m the lead author.
Leonard: Oh, come on. The only reason you’re the lead author is because we went alphabetically.
Sheldon: I let you think we went alphabetically to spare you the humiliation of dealing with the fact
that it was my idea. Not to put too fine a point on it, but I was throwing you a bone. You’re welcome.
Leonard: Excuse me, I designed the experiment that proved the hypothesis.
Sheldon: It doesn’t need proving.
Leonard: So the entire scientific community is just supposed to take your word?
Sheldon: They’re not supposed to, but they should.
Leonard: Alright, I don’t care what you say, I’m going to the conference and I’m presenting our
findings.
Sheldon: And I forbid it.
Leonard: You forbid it?
Sheldon: If I’m not taking credit for our work then nobody is.
Leonard: Oh, you admit that it’s our work.
Sheldon: No, once again, I’m throwing you a bone. And once again, you are welcome.
Leonard: Ah!
Howard: Oh no he dit’nt!
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Penny is looking through his closet.
Penny: So, how’s it going with Sheldon, are you guys still not talking to each other?
Leonard: Not only is he still not talking to me, but there’s this thing he does where he stares at you
and tries to get your brain to explode. You know, like in the classic sci-fi movie Scanners? (Put’s
fingers to head) You know, bzzz-pchew! Never mind. How about this one. It says, “I know my
physics, but I’m still a fun guy!”
Penny: Oh, hey, I didn’t know they still made corduroy suits!

Leonard: They don’t, that’s why I saved this one.
Penny: Okay, well, let’s just see what else you have. Okay, here, take this, and this, and this, and these.
Leonard: Is this all stuff you want me to try on?
Penny: No, this is stuff I want you to throw out.
Leonard: Oh.
Penny: Seriously, don’t even give it to charity, you won’t be helping anyone. What’s this.
Leonard: Oh, that’s the bottled city of Kandor.
Penny: Uh-huh.
Leonard: You see, Kandor was the capital city of the planet Krypton, it was miniaturised by Brainiac
before Krypton exploded and then rescued by Superman.
Penny: Oh, nice.
Leonard: It’s a lot cooler when girls aren’t looking at it.
Penny: Here, why don’t you put these on while I find a shirt and sport-coat to match.
Leonard: Great, be right back.
Penny: Well, where you going, just put them on.
Leonard: Here?
Penny: Oh, are you shy?
Leonard: No, I’m not shy.
Penny: Don’t worry, I won’t look.
Leonard: I know you won’t look, why would you look, there’s nothing to see, well, not nothing….
Penny: Sweetie, put the pants on.
Leonard: Putting them on.
Penny: So, you know, isn’t there maybe some way you and Sheldon could compromise on this whole
presentation thing.
Leonard: No. No. Scientists do not compromise. Our minds are trained to synthesise facts and come to
inarguable conclusions. Not to mention, Sheldon is batcrap crazy.
Penny: What is this?
Leonard: Oh, careful. That’s my original series Battlestar Galactica flight suit.
Penny: Oh, why didn’t you wear it at Halloween?
Leonard: Because it’s not a costume, it’s a flight suit.
Penny: Okay, alright, moving on, oh, wow, a paisley shirt.
Leonard: Uh-huh, it goes with my corduroy suit.

Penny: If you mean it should end up in the same place then, I agree. Is this your… your only tie?
Leonard: Ah. Technically yes, but, if you’ll notice, it’s reversible. So it works as two.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, I don’t think it even works as one. Is this all your clothes?
Leonard: Yeah. Everything since the eighth grade.
Penny: The… the eighth grade?
Leonard: My last growth spurt.
Penny: Okay, well, I guess we’re back to the corduroy suit.
Leonard: Great.
Penny: Yup. (Leonard picks up paisley shirt) I said no, put it down.
Scene: The ground floor hallway.
Penny: Hey Sheldon!
Sheldon (unlocking his mailbox): Hello Penny.
Penny: Get anything good?
Sheldon: Uh, just the latest copy of Applied Particle Physics Quarterly.
Penny: Oh, you know, that is so weird that yours came and mine didn’t. (Sheldon looks confused). It
was a joke. (Sheldon gives a fake laugh.) Yup, tip your waitresses, I’m here all week.
Sheldon: Penny, just to save you from further awkwardness know that I’m perfectly comfortable with
the two of us climbing the stairs in silence.
Penny: Oh yeah, me too. Zip it, lock it. (The begin to climb) Put it in your pocket. So you and
Leonard…
Sheldon: Oh dear God!
Penny: Little misunderstanding, huh.
Sheldon: A little misunder…. Galileo and the Pope had a little misunderstanding.
Penny: Anyway, I was talking to Leonard this morning and I think he feels really bad about it.
Sheldon: Huh.
Penny: Well how do you feel?
Sheldon: I don’t understand the question.
Penny: Well I’m just asking if it’s difficult to be fighting with your best friend.
Sheldon: Oh. I hadn’t thought about it like that. I wonder if I’ve been experiencing physiological
manifestations of some sort of unconscious emotional turmoil.
Penny: Wait… what?
Sheldon: I couldn’t poop this morning.

Penny: You should just talk to him, I’m sure you guys can work this out.
Sheldon: It’s certainly preferable to my plan.
Penny: Which was?
Sheldon: A powerful laxative.
Penny: Okay, so you absolutely should talk to him, look, I know Leonard values you as a friend, and
he told me himself that without your little idea there’s no way he could have come up with this whole
experiment thing.
Sheldon: Excuse me, little idea?
Penny: Yeah, I mean he tried to explain it to me, I didn’t really understand it but…
Sheldon: Of course you didn’t, he said little idea?
Penny: Uh, well no, no, not in… not in those words.
Sheldon: In what words then, exactly
Penny: Um, gee, the exact words aren’t written… it’s more the spirit in which it’s
Sheldon: What did he say?
Penny: You had a lucky hunch.
Leonard (coming out of apartment): Hey, Sheldon, I’ve been thinking, instead of arguing about this
why don’t….
Sheldon: Don’t you ever speak to me again.
Leonard: What… (Sheldon goes into apartment and slams the door).
Penny: Uh, he… (makes “he’s screwy” hand movements, turns to go).
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is dressed in the corduroy suit.
Leonard: Okay, I’m leaving for the conference.
Sheldon: Have fun presenting my lucky hunch.
Leonard: Sheldon I didn’t mean it like that.
Sheldon: Then why did you say it.
Leonard: I don’t know, I wasn’t choosing my…
Sheldon: Were you trying to impress Penny?
Leonard: No, no not at all. A little bit.
Sheldon: How’d that work out for you?
Penny (entering): Leonard, ready to go?
Sheldon: Libido 1, truth zero.

Leonard: Okay, I’m going to ask you one more time, we did the work together, lets present the paper
together.
Sheldon: And I’m telling you for the last time it’s pandering, it’s undignified and bite me.
Leonard: Let’s go.
Penny: Bye Sheldon.
Sheldon: Goodbye Penny. (Places fingers to head to try to make Leonard’s brain explode. Leonard
leaves.) Oooh, one of these days, Pkshhhh!
Scene: A corridor at the conference. Penny is attaching Leonard’s name tag.
Penny: There you go.
Leonard: You’re right, this side does look better.
Penny: No, no, I didn’t say better, I said less stained.
Howard: I just checked the house, there’s probably twenty, twenty-five people in there.
Leonard: You’re kidding.
Penny: Is that all?
Leonard: All? In particle physics, twenty five is Woodstock.
Penny: Oh, well, then good!
Leonard: I wasn’t expecting such a crowd, I’m a little nervous.
Howard: It’s okay, just open with a joke, you’ll be fine.
Leonard: A joke. Okay. How about this, um, okay, uh there’s this farmer, and he has these chickens,
but they won’t lay any eggs. So, he calls a physicist to help. The physicist then does some calculations,
and he says, um, I have a solution, but it only works with spherical chickens in a vacuum. (Raj and
Howard laugh.) Right?
Penny: Oh, sorry, I’ve just, I’ve heard it before.
Howard: Let’s roll. Hey, nice suit.
Leonard: It’s a classic, right?
Penny: I really should have brought my own car.
Scene: Leonard is presenting.
Leonard: So, in conclusion, the data show that at temperatures approaching absolute zero, the moment
of inertia changes, and the solid becomes a super-solid, which clearly appears to be a previously
unknown state of matter. (Applause) Thank you. (Penny is asleep on Howard’s shoulder. Howard is
taking a photograph with his camera phone.) Are there any questions?
Voice: Yeah. What the hell was that?
Leonard: Any other questions?

Sheldon (who previously spoke, now removing his hood and dark glasses): Doctor Sheldon Cooper
here, I am the lead author of this particular paper. (No reaction.) Thank you. And you, sir, you have
completely skipped over the part where I was walking through the park, and I saw these children on a
merry-go-round, which started me thinking about the moment of inertia in gasses like helium at
temperatures approaching absolute zero.
Leonard: I didn’t skip it, it’s just an anecdote. It’s not science.
Sheldon: Oh, I see, was the apple falling on Newton’s head, was that just an anecdote?
Leonard: You are not Isaac Newton.
Sheldon: No, no that’s true, gravity would have been apparent to me without the apple.
Leonard: You cannot possibly be that arrogant.
Sheldon: You continue to underestimate me, my good man.
Leonard: Look, if you weren’t happy with my presentation then maybe you should have given it with
me.
Sheldon: As I have explained repeatedly, unlike you, I don’t need validation from lesser minds. No
offence.
Leonard: Really, so why did you come?
Sheldon: Because I knew you’d screw this up.
Leonard: I didn’t screw it up.
Sheldon: Oh, please. I admit, that spherical chicken joke, that was hilarious. But it was straight
downhill from there.
Leonard: I’ve had enough of your condescension. Maybe I didn’t go to college when I was eleven like
you, maybe I got my doctorate at 24 instead of 16, but you are not the only person who is smarter than
everyone else in this room. No offense. And I am clearly not the only person who is tormented by
insecurity and has an ego in need of constant validation.
Sheldon: So you admit that you’re an egotist?
Leonard: Yes. (To audience) My name is Dr Leonard Hofstadter, and I could never please my parents
so I need to get all my self-esteem from strangers like you. But he’s worse.
Sheldon: Okay, that is it. (Tries to explode brain again.)
Leonard: You cannot blow up my head with your mind.
Sheldon: Then I’ll settle for an aneurysm.
Leonard (knocking his hands down): Stop it.
Sheldon: You hit me. You saw him, he hit me.
Leonard: You were trying to blow up my head.
Sheldon: So it was working.
Leonard: It wasn’t, it was not, you are a nutcase.

Sheldon: Oh we’ll see about that (tries again), heads up you people in the front row, this is a splash
zone.
Leonard: Stop, stop it, quit it. (The start to fight.)
Penny: Is this usually how these physics things go?
Howard: More often than you’d think.
Leonard (getting Sheldon on floor): Vulcan nerve pinch!
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: You could have offered me a ride home.
Leonard: You’re lucky I didn’t run you over.
Sheldon: I really don’t understand what you’re so unhappy about, you begged me to come, I came,
there’s just no pleasing you.
Leonard: You’re right, I’m the problem, I’m the one that needs help.
Sheldon: Well that’s not much of an apology, but I’ll take it.
Leonard: Excuse me. Is there anything you’d like to apologise for?
Sheldon: Yes. I’m sorry I tried to blow up your head. It was uncalled for.
Howard (entering with Raj): You won’t believe this.
Raj: Somebody got the whole thing on a cell phone and put it on youtube.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Now, who would do that?
Howard: That would be me. Hey, check it out, it’s a featured video. (The watch).
Leonard: Oh jeez. Is this suit really look that bad?
Sheldon: Forget your suit, look at my arms waving, I’m like a flamingo on Ritalin.
Penny (entering): Howard, would you like to explain to me why your facebook page has a picture of
me sleeping on your shoulder captioned “Me and my Girlfriend?”
Howard: Uh-oh, here comes “the talk.”
Penny tries to make Howard’s brain explode.
Scene: Captioned “Somewhere in China”, two Chinese students watch the video on their computer.
Student one (in captions): What losers.
Student two: Yeah. Gigantic American geeks. (The lights flicker)
Student one: Who’s doing that?
Student two: Someone from Pasadena, California named… “Wolowizard.”
Together: Awesome!

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 10
Scene: The downstairs lobby.
Leonard: See, the liquid metal Terminators were created in the future by Skynet, and Skynet was
developed by Miles Dyson, but that future no longer exists, due to Dyson’s death in Terminator 2.
Sheldon: Okay, then riddle me this. Assuming all the good Terminators were originally evil
Terminators created by Skynet but then reprogrammed by the future John Connor, why would Skynet,
an artificial computer intelligence, bother to create a petite hot 17 year-old killer robot?
Leonard: Skynet is kinky? I don’t know.
Sheldon: Artificial intelligences do not have teen fetishes.
Leonard: Alright, oh wait, they use it to in…
Sheldon: (Buzzing noise), too late, I win.
Penny (voice off, singing, quite tunelessly): Let’s go-oh-oh Ou-oooo-ut tonight. I have to go-oh-oh-oh
ou-ooooo-ut tonight.
Leonard: What the hell is that?
Sheldon: I don’t know, but if cats could sing, they’d hate it too. (The continue up the stairs and
disappear from view).
Penny (still singing off): You wanna prowl, be my night owl, (Leonard and Sheldon reappear,
running down the stairs) we’ll take my… (appearing) Hey guys, hi! Where you going?
Leonard: What? Oh we just had to… mail some letters and (seeing Sheldon has large bag in hand and
bin is nearby) throw away some chicken. (Sheldon very reluctantly does.)
Penny: You’ll never guess what just happened.
Leonard: Oh, I give up.
Sheldon: I don’t guess. As a scientist I reach conclusions based on observation and experimentation,
although as I’m saying this it occurs to me you may have been employing a rhetorical device
rendering my response moot.
Penny: What was that?
Leonard: Believe it or not, personal growth. What happened?
Penny: Alright, remember when I auditioned for that workshop production of Rent, but I didn’t get it
and I couldn’t figure out why?
Sheldon: I have a conclusion based on an observation.
Leonard: No you don’t. No he doesn’t.
Penny: Well, the girl they picked to play Mimi, she dropped out and they asked me to replace her.
Leonard: Oh, congratulations, what a lucky break.

Penny: It’s not a big deal, just a one night showcase, but they invite a lot of casting people and agents
so, you never know.
Sheldon: I think I know.
Leonard: No you don’t. He doesn’t.
Penny: It’s this Friday at eight, you guys want to come?
Together: No.
Leonard: Because…. uh, Friday, we are attending a symposium on molecular positronium.
Sheldon: I think that’s a week from Tuesday at six.
Leonard: No, it’s this Friday, at eight.
Penny: Oh, too bad, well, I got to get to rehearsal, see you guys.
Leonard: See you. (Penny exits singing)
Sheldon: You just lied to Penny.
Leonard: Yes, I did.
Sheldon: And you did it so casually, no rapid breathing, no increase in perspiration.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: So, lack of a physiological response while lying is characteristic of a violent sociopath.
Leonard: Sheldon, are you worried about your safety.
Sheldon: No, I imagine if you were going to kill me you’d have done it a long time ago.
Leonard: That’s very true.
Leonard exits. Sheldon looks worried for a moment, then retrieves the chicken from the bin and
follows.
Credits sequence
Scene: Outside Leonard’s bedroom.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock,
knock, knock, knock) Leonard…
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I need to speak to you.
Leonard: It’s two o’clock in the morning
Sheldon: It’s important.
Leonard: I highly doubt that. Go away. (Long pause). Are you still out there?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard (opening door): What?

Sheldon: You’re right, it can wait until morning.
Leonard (following Sheldon into living room): What, what, what, what, what?
Sheldon: Never mind. I clearly woke you up in the middle of a REM cycle, you’re in no state to talk.
Leonard: Sheldon, what is it?
Sheldon: I’m uncomfortable having been included in your lie to Penny.
Leonard: What was I supposed to say.
Sheldon: You could have told her the truth.
Leonard: That would have hurt her feelings.
Sheldon: Is that a relevant factor?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Then I suppose you could have agreed to go.
Leonard: And what would I have said afterwards?
Sheldon: I would suggest something to the effect of, singing is neither an appropriate vocation nor
avocation for you, and if you disagree, I’d recommend you have a CAT scan, to look for a tumour
pressing on the cognitive processing centre of your brain.
Leonard: I couldn’t say that, I would have to say, you were terrific and I can’t wait to hear you sing
again.
Sheldon: Why?
Leonard: It’s the social protocol, it’s what you do when you have a friend who’s proud of something
they really suck at.
Sheldon: I was not aware of that.
Leonard: Well now you are.
Sheldon: Oh, alright. Leonard.
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: When we played chess earlier, you were terrific and I can’t wait to play you again.
Goodnight.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock,
knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock,
knock)…..
Leonard: Oooaw. This would be so much easier if I were a violent sociopath. (Opening door) What?
Sheldon: I was analysing our lie, and I believe we’re in danger of Penny seeing through the ruse.
Leonard: How?

Sheldon: Simple. If she were to log on to www.socalphysicsgroup.org/activities/other, click on
upcoming events, scroll down to seminars, download the pdf schedule, and look for the seminar on
molecular positronium, well then, bippidy-boppidy-boo, our pants are metaphorically on fire.
Leonard closes door.
Sheldon: Well, sir, my trousers will not be igniting today.
Scene: Outside Penny’s door.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Penny, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Penny, (Knock, knock,
knock, knock) Penny, (door opens) Good morning.
Penny: Do you have any idea what time it is?
Sheldon: Of course I do. My watch is linked to the atomic clock in Boulder, Colorado. It’s accurate to
one tenth of a second. But as I’m saying this it occurs to me that once again your question may have
been rhetorical.
Penny: What do you want?
Sheldon: Remember how Leonard told you we couldn’t come to your performance because we were
attending a symposium on molecular positronium?
Penny: I remember symposium.
Sheldon: Yes, well, he lied.
Penny: Wait, what?
Sheldon: He lied, and I’m feeling very uncomfortable about it.
Penny: Well imagine how I’m feeling.
Sheldon: Hungry? Tired? I’m sorry this really isn’t my strong suit.
Scene: The living room.
Leonard: You told her I lied, why would you tell her I lied?
Sheldon: To help you.
Leonard: I’m sorry, I’m not seeing the help.
Sheldon: She was going to see through your lie eventually, so I told her that you were lying to protect
me.
Leonard: Oh, I’m getting a bad feeling.
Sheldon: Hunger? Indigestion, I’m sorry I’m really not very good at this. Anyway, Penny now
believes that on Friday night, we’re going to participate in my cousin Leopold’s drug intervention.
Leonard: Your cousin Leopold?
Sheldon: Yea, who most people call Leo, but he also answers to Lee, remember that, it’s important.
Leonard: What’s important?
Sheldon: Details, Leonard, the success or failure of our deceitful enterprise turns on details.

Leonard: Do you have a cousin Leopold.
Sheldon: No, I made him up. I think you’d call him Lee.
Leonard: I don’t get it, I already told her a lie, why replace it with a different lie?
Sheldon: Well, first of all, your lie was laughably transparent, where mine is exquisitely convoluted.
While you were sleeping I was weaving an un-unravelable web.
Leonard: Un-unravelable?
Sheldon: Yes, if she googles Leopold Houston she’ll find a facebook page, an online blog depicting
his descent into drug use, and a desperate yet hopeful listing on e-harmony.com.
Leonard: Okay, why would I go to a drug intervention for your cousing.
Sheldon: Ah, because it’s in Long Beach, and I don’t drive.
Leonard: We’re going to Long Beach?
Sheldon: No, of course not, there’s no cousin Leo, there’s no intervention, focus Leonard.
Leonard: Oh, come on!
Sheldon: We just leave the house on Friday night, and we return in the wee hours emotionally wrung
out from the work of convincing Leo to go back into rehab.
Leonard: So he goes back into rehab?
Sheldon: Yes, but, he can relapse if Penny ever invites us to go hear her sing again.
Leonard: You still told her I lied.
Sheldon: For a noble purpose, to spare me the social embarrassment of having a drug-addled first
cousin, which I’m assuming is embarrassing, yes?
Leonard: I don’t know. How am I supposed to remember all of this.
Sheldon: That’s the best part, you don’t have to, see I told Penny that you would be embarrassed, if
you knew that she found out that you had lied, so she’s agreed to operate as if the original lie was still
in force.
Leonard: So she’s expecting me to lie about going to a symposium in Pasadena, when in actuality
we’re pretending to go to a drug intervention in Long Beach?
Sheldon: Un-unravelable.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard (opening door): Oh hey Penny, wow, look at you, all ready for your showcase, you look
great.
Penny: Thanks. I just wanted to come by and wish you guys luck with your symposium.
Leonard: Oh, well, thankyou.
Penny: You know, I got to tell you, a lot of friends would let their friend go alone, but that’s not who
you are, you are the kind of guy who stands by a friend when… when he has a symposium to go to.

Leonard: I don’t know what to say.
Penny: It’s okay, Leonard (hugs him.)
Leonard: Oh, okay, alright, good.
Howard (arriving): Oh boy, group hug.
Penny: Uh-huh!
Howard: Uh-huh?
Penny: Uh-huh!
Howard: Okay. So what’s up?
Sheldon: Well, uh, Penny is on her way to perform in a one night showcase production of Rent, which
we are unable to attend because we are going to a symposium on molecular positronium, given by Dr
Emile Farminfarmian.
Howard: Wait a minute, Farminfarmian is speaking and you’re Bogarding the symposium.
Leonard: Howard, I’m sorry… we’re… we’re
Howard: No, no, you’re quark-blocking us.
Leonard: I don’t know what to say.
Howard: Wow.
Leonard: Howard, listen…
Howard: No, it’s okay, it’s your Millenium Falcon, you and Chewbacca do whatever you want to do.
Me and Princess Leia here will find some other way to spend the evening.
Penny: Howard, wait. Sheldon, I think we should tell them.
Sheldon: Okay, sure. I don’t see a problem with that.
Penny: There’s no symposium, Leonard lied to me, isn’t that right Leonard.
Leonard: Well… I don’t know what to say.
Penny: It’s okay, I do, look, Leonard is helping Sheldon through a family crisis, he made up the whole
story about the symposium with Dr Farmin..farm…ian
Sheldon: Good for you.
Penny: Hah, yeah! Because he didn’t want Sheldon to be embarrassed, and there is nothing to be
embarrassed okay, every family in America has a relative holed up in a garage somewhere huffing
paint thinner.
Howard (after Raj whispers in his ear): No, I’m lost too, I think she skipped a step.
Penny: No, look, Sheldon’s cousin Leo escaped rehab, and he’s in a Motel 8 at Long Beach, the
whole family’s going out for an intervention. Leonard is driving Sheldon down there to help him
through this because he’s such a good man.
Leonard: Oh, another hug, thank you.

Penny: Alright you guys, good luck.
Leonard: Thanks Penny.
Howard: Yeah, uh, break a leg.
Sheldon: Break a leg. (She leaves)
Howard: So, road trip to Long Beach.
Leonard: No, we’re not going to Long Beach.
Raj: Why not?
Leonard: Because Sheldon doesn’t have a drug addicted cousin Leopold.
Raj: Oh, too bad. I’ve always wanted to go to Long Beach.
Sheldon: It’s a very nice community. The Queen Mary is docked there, once the largest ocean liner in
the world, it’s now a hotel and restaurant where they host a surprisingly gripping murder mystery
dinner.
Raj: Sounds fun.
Howard: I’m game.
Raj: Shotgun.
Sheldon: No, no, no, Leonard gets nauseous unless he sits in front, and even then it’s iffy.
Leonard: Wait, are we really going to Long Beach?
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. The bedside table is piled with Queen Mary memorabilia.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock, knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (Knock,
knock, knock, knock) Leonard…
Leonard: Let it go, Sheldon, the murderer was the first mate whether it makes sense to you or not.
Sheldon: No, that’s the least of our worries. I’ve been doing some research on addiction, both the
biochemical and behavioural aspects, and I think there’s a problem with the current version of our lie.
Leonard: What are you talking about, it’s fine, she bought it, it’s over.
Sheldon: Sadly, it’s not. Substance abuse is a lifelong struggle, but beyond that I have realised that the
Leo I described would not have agreed to go to rehab.
Leonard: Why not?
Sheldon: Because Leo is a middle child.
Leonard: There is no Leo, how can you say that?
Sheldon: You didn’t read the bio, did you? He’s not just a middle child, he’s the quintessential middle
child, from a broken home to boot. Psychologically speaking, the attention he gets by rebelling even
to the point of self-destruction is more emotionally valuable than the help he would get at rehab.
Leonard: I’ve got a solution.

Sheldon: Great, what is it?
Leonard: Get out.
Sheldon: Fine. (He leaves. A moment later he comes back.) I’ve hesitated to point this out, but I must
now remind you that we are in our current predicament because of your initial and totally inadequate
deceit. I’m just trying to clean up after your mess. (Leonard throws a glass ornament at him. He just
manages to shut the door in time.) We’ll talk in the morning.
Scene: The living room. Leonard enters in his dressing gown. There is a strange man eating cereal at
the kitchen table.
Strange man: Morning.
Leonard: Who are you?
Man: I am Sheldon’s cousin Leo.
Leonard: Oh, God! Sheldon does not have a cousin Leo.
Man: Au contraire. I’m 26 years old, I’m originally from (reads off crib notes) Denton, Texas, but I
was a Navy brat so I was brought up on a variety of military bases around the world, as a result I’ve
often felt like an outsider, never really fitting in, which is probably the reason for my substance abuse
problem.
Sheldon: Excuse me, we just went over this. As the quintessential middle child, your addiction is
rooted in your unmet need for attention.
Man: Oh, Sheldon, are we really going to go with pop psychology.
Sheldon: For your information, this is all based on solid research, stick with the character profile I
wrote for you.
Leonard: Sheldon?
Sheldon: I’m sorry, Leonard, this is Toby Loobenfeld, he’s a research assistant in the particle physics
lab, but he also minored in theatre at MIT.
Toby: It was more of a double major actually. Theatre and physics. You can guess which one my
bourgeois parents pushed me towards.
Leonard: Yeah, I got it, Sheldon, why?
Sheldon: Well, you see, while Leo would not have gone into rehab, it is completely plausible that we
would have talked him into leaving the motel, and coming home with us.
Leonard: Oh…!
Toby: Sheldon, how about this as my motivation. When I was fourteen years old I was abused in the
Philippines by a club footed Navy chaplain.
Sheldon: No. We’re going with middle child, and a generic predisposition to inadequate serotonin
production.
Toby: Swell, how do I play genetic predisposition?
Sheldon: Subtextually, of course. (There is a knock on the door.) Just have fun with it. (Opening door.)
Morning Penny.

Penny: Hi. How did the intervention go.
Sheldon: Unfortunately, we weren’t able to convince him to go to rehab.
Penny: Well, based on what you told me, I’m not surprised.
Sheldon: But we did convince him to leave the motel. Come say hello. Leo, this is Penny, our friend
and neighbour.
Penny: Hi Leo, how are you feeling?
Toby: Let me ask you something, Penny. Have you ever woken up in a fleabag motel, covered in your
own vomit, next to a transsexual prostitute?
Penny: No.
Toby: Then don’t ask me how I’m feeling.
Leonard: Well, that’s Leo. Hey, um, why don’t you tell me about your showcase last night?
Penny: Oh, it was okay I guess, wasn’t a big turn out but they both really seemed to like it.
Leonard: There were only two people there?
Penny: By the end. Yeah.
Toby: Damn you, Chaplain Horrigan!
Penny: I’m… I’m sorry.
Toby: The Philippines. 1992. The Subic Bay Naval Station. A young boy on the cusp of manhood.
His only companions mongrel dogs and malarial mosquitos. Desperate and alone he reached out to a
man who promised to introduce him to a merciful, loving God, but who instead introduced him to a
gin pickled tongue shoved down his adolescent throat. What choice did he have but to drink, shoot
and snort his pain away.
Sheldon: Don’t forget his genetic predisposition towards addiction.
Toby: That’s never been proven.
Sheldon: There have been studies.
Toby: Not double blind studies.
Sheldon: How could there be a double blind study, who would be the control group.
Leonard: As you can see, detoxing can get pretty ugly, let’s give them some privacy.
Penny: Yeah. Hey, do you want to come over to my place, have coffee?
Leonard: Sounds good.
Penny: I have a video of me singing last night, do you want to see it?
Leonard: Gee, why wouldn’t I?
Penny: This is even better than you coming to the showcase, because now I get to watch you watch
me.

Leonard: Yeah! Funny how things work out.
Toby: And that he loved the companionship and the wisdom that his own father failed to provide.
Sheldon: Your parents made the right decision.
Toby: I cannot work like this!
Scene: The apartment. Penny is on the sofa with Toby. They are watching TV.
Toby: This is amazing. Just sitting on a couch, watching TV with a woman. Not being drunk, or high,
or… or… wondering if you’re a dude down there.
Penny: Leo, you are a very sweet, really funny guy. You’re gonna do okay.
Toby: One day at a time, Penny, one day at a time.
Leonard: How long is he going to stay here.
Sheldon: He’s a homeless drug addict, Leonard, where is he going to go? Boy, you have a lot to learn
about lying.

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 11
Scene: The living room of the apartment. Leonard and Sheldon are playing the three dimensional
chess game from the original Star Trek series. It is Leonard’s move. He takes his time, moving round
the board and checking things from various angles. Finally he tentatively makes a move. Sheldon
moves almost immediately.
Sheldon: Checkmate.
Leonard: O-o-o-o-h! Again?
Sheldon: Obviously you’re not well suited for three-dimensional chess, perhaps three dimensional
candyland would be more your speed.
Leonard: Just reset the board.
Sheldon: It must be humbling to suck on so many different levels.
Penny (knocking and entering): Hi guys.
Leonard: Hey!
Penny: Did you get my mail.
Leonard: Yeah, right here. How was Nebraska?
Penny: Oh, better than North Dakota! (Pause) I guess that joke’s only funny in Nebraska.
Sheldon: From the data at hand you really can’t draw that conclusion. All you can say with absolute
certainty is that that joke is not funny here.
Penny: Boy, it’s good to be back.
Leonard: How was your family?
Penny: Ugh, it was the worst trip, everyone got sick over the weekend.
Sheldon: Sick?
Leonard: Here we go.
Sheldon (running to opposite side of the room): What kind of sick?
Penny: Oh, the flu I guess.
Sheldon: I don’t need you to guess, I need you to know, now when did the symptoms first appear?
Penny: Maybe Friday.
Sheldon: Friday, was that morning or afternoon?
Penny: I… I don’t…
Sheldon: Think woman, who blew their nose and when?
Leonard: Sheldon, relax, she doesn’t have any symptoms, I’m sure she’s not contagious.

Sheldon: Oh please, if influenza was only contagious after symptoms appear it would have died out
thousands of years ago. Somewhere between tool using and cave painting, homo habilus would have
figured out to kill the guy with the runny nose.
Leonard: Penny, you’ll have to excuse Sheldon, he’s a bit of a germophobe.
Penny: Oh, it’s okay, I understand.
Sheldon: Thanks for your consideration, now please leave.
Leonard: You’d better go before he starts spraying you with Lysol.
Penny: Okay, well, thank you for getting my mail.
Leonard: No problem. Welcome home. (Sees Penny out. Turns to find Sheldon spraying the air with
Lysol.)
Sheldon: What?
Credits sequence
Scene: The kitchen
Leonard: What the hell are you doing?
Sheldon: I’m making petrie dishes to grow throat cultures.
Leonard: With lime jello?
Sheldon: I need a growth medium, and someone polished off the apricot yoghurt. Here, swab my
throat.
Leonard: I don’t think so.
Sheldon: Leonard! If I’m going to get ahead of this thing I need to find out what’s growing in my
throat.
Leonard: Sheldon, you are not sick. This is, but you are not.
Sheldon: We have no idea what pathogen Typhoid Penny has introduced into our environment. And
having never been to Nebraska I’m fairly certain that I have no cornhusking antibodies.
Leonard: Sheldon, don’t you think you’re overreacting?
Sheldon: When I’m lying comatose in a hospital relying on inferior minds to cure me, these jello
cultures and my accompanying notes will give them a fighting chance.
Leonard: I’m going back to bed.
Sheldon: Wait. (Handing him a measuring jug) Put this in the bathroom.
Leonard: What for?
Sheldon: I need to measure my fluid intake and output to make sure my kidneys aren’t shutting down.
Leonard: I mix pancake batter in this!
Sheldon: No, that measuring cup has always been for urine.

Leonard: You had time to make a label for everything in this apartment, including the label maker, but
you didn’t have ten seconds to make one that said urine cup?
Sheldon: It’s right here on the bottom.
Leonard: Huh. I guess I owe the Betty Crocker company a letter of apology.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. Sheldon wakes up and coughs. Picks up an electronic thermometer and
takes his temperature.
Sheldon: Oh, dear God. (Shouting) Leonard! Leonard, I’m sick!
Cut to Leonard entering living room in panic, stumbling and trying to put on a pair of trousers.
Sheldon (voice off): Leonard! Leonard I’m sick!
Leonard grabs jacket and leaves through front door.
Sheldon (entering, wrapped in duvet): Leonard! Leonard! Leonard. Leonard, my comforter fell down,
and my sinuses hurt when I bend over. Leonard? (Bends to get phone) Ow!
Leonard (voice on phone): Hey.
Sheldon: Leonard, where are you?
Leonard (running down stairs): I’m at work.
Sheldon: At six-thirty in the morning?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: On Sunday?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Why?
Leonard: They asked me to come in.
Sheldon: Well, I didn’t hear the phone ring.
Leonard: They texted me.
Sheldon: Well, as I predicted, I am sick. My fever has been tracking up exponentially since 2am, and I
am producing sputum at an alarming rate.
Leonard: No kidding?
Sheldon: No. Not only that, it has shifted from clear to milky green.
Leonard: Alright, well, get some rest and drink plenty of fluids.
Sheldon: What else would I drink? Gasses? Solids? Ionised plasma?
Leonard: Drink whatever you want.
Sheldon: I want soup.
Leonard: Then make soup.

Sheldon: We don’t have soup.
Leonard: I’m at work, Sheldon. (A woman enters the apartment building with a barking dog.)
Sheldon: Is that a dog?
Leonard: Yes,
Sheldon: In the lab?
Leonard: Yes, they’re training dogs to operate the centrifuge for when they need dogs to operate the
centrifuge for blind scientists, I have to go.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom. The phone is ringing.
Howard’s Mother (voice): Howard, it’s the phone.
Howard: I know it’s the phone, Ma, I hear the phone.
Howard’s Mother: Well who’s calling at this ungodly hour?
Howard: I don’t know.
Howard’s Mother: Well ask them why they’re calling at this ungodly hour.
Howard: How can I ask them when I’m talking to you! (Into phone) Hello.
Leonard: Howard, it’s Leonard, code Milky Green.
Howard: Dear Lord, not Milky Green!
Leonard: Affirmative, with fever.
Howard’s Mother: Who’s on the phone.
Howard: It’s Leonard.
Howard’s Mother: Why is he calling.
Howard: Sheldon’s sick.
Howard’s Mother: Were you playing with him?
Howard: For God’s sake, Ma, I’m twenty six years old.
Howard’s Mother: Excuse me Mr Grown-up. Whadda-ya want for breakfast.
Howard: Chocolate milk and eggoes please!
Leonard: Howard, listen to me.
Howard: Hang on, call waiting.
Leonard (voice): No, don’t, don’t….
Howard: Hello.
Sheldon: Howard, I’m sick.

Howard (imitating his mother’s voice): Howard’s sleeping, this is his mother. Why are you calling at
this ungodly hour?
Sheldon: I need soup.
Howard: Then call your own mother. (To Leonard) It was Sheldon.
Leonard: I tried to stop you.
Howard: It’s my own fault, I forgot the protocol we put in place after the great ear infection of ’06.
Leonard: You call Koothrappali, we need to find a place to lay low for the next eighteen to twenty
four hours.
Howard: Stand by. Ma, can my friends come over?
Howard’s Mother: I just had the carpets steamed.
Howard: That’s a negatory. But there’s a Planet of the Apes marathon at the New Art today.
Leonard: Five movies, two hours apiece. It’s a start.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Waitress: Homeless crazy guy at table eighteen.
Penny: No, just crazy. Sheldon, what are you doing here?
Sheldon: I’m sick, thank you very much.
Penny: How could you have gotten it from me, I’m not sick.
Sheldon: You’re a carrier. All these people here are doomed. You’re doomed!
Penny: Shhh! Sheldon, what do you want.
Sheldon: I want soup.
Penny (over Sheldon’s strange throat clearance): Why didn’t you just…. (louder throat clearance)
Why didn’t you just have soup at home.
Sheldon: Penny, I have an IQ of 187, don’t you imagine that if there were a way for me to have had
soup at home I would have thought of it?
Penny: You can have soup delivered.
Sheldon: I did not think of that. Clearly febrile delirium is setting in, please bring me some soup while
I still understand what a spoon is for.
Penny: Okay, what kind of soup do you want.
Sheldon: Well, my mother used to make me this split pea with little frankfurter slices and these home
made croutons.
Penny: We have Chicken Tortilla and Potato Leek.
Sheldon: Can I get any of those with little frankfurter slices and home made croutons?
Penny: No.

Sheldon: Then surprise me. (Blows nose into handkerchief. Shows it to next table) Would you call that
moss green or forest green?
Scene: The cinema. Everyone is wearing ape masks.
Howard: Look at this, everyone went chimp.
Raj: Well I’d like to point out, I voted for orang-utan, but you shouted me down. (Phone rings).
Leonard: Oh, hi Penny!
Penny: Hey, where are you?
Leonard: I’m… uh… at work.
Penny: You sound funny.
Leonard: I’m… uh… in a… I’m in a radiation suit. What’s up?
Penny: Yeah, well I’m at work too, and you’ll never guess who’s here infecting my entire station.
Leonard (To Howard and Raj): Sheldon’s at the Cheesecake Factory. (Into phone) Just tell him to go
home.
Penny: He won’t leave, he says he’s afraid he’ll pass out on the bus and someone will harvest his
organs.
Leonard (To Howard and Raj): He’s paranoid, and he’s established a nest.
Penny: Can you please come get him?
Leonard: Uh, yeah, I’d be… I’d be happy to Penny. (Holds phone up, Howard makes warning siren
noises) Oh my God there’s a breech in the radiation unit (Raj joins in) The whole city is in jeopardy,
oh my God, Professor Googenfeil is melting, gotta go, bye! (To Howard and Raj) I feel really guilty.
Raj: You did what you had to do. (Steals some of Howard’s popcorn)
Howard: Take your stinking paws off my popcorn you damn dirty ape.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Thanks for bringing me home.
Penny: Oh, it’s okay, I didn’t really need to work today, it’s not like I have rent or car payments or
anything.
Sheldon: Good. Good.
Penny: Okay, well, you feel better.
Sheldon: Wait, where are you going?
Penny: Um, home, to write some bad cheques.
Sheldon: You’re going to leave me?
Penny: Sheldon, you are a grown man, haven’t you ever been sick before?
Sheldon: Well, of course, but, not by myself.

Penny: Really, never?
Sheldon: Well, once. When I was fifteen, and spending the summer at the Heidelberg Institute in
Germany.
Penny: Studying abroad?
Sheldon: No, visiting professor. Anyway, the local cuisine was a little more sausage-based than I’m
used to, and the result was an internal blitzkrieg with my lower intestine playing the part of
Czechoslovakia.
Penny: And there was no-one there to take care of you?
Sheldon: No. No, my mum had to fly back to Texas to help my dad because the house had slipped off
the cinderblocks again.
Penny: Again?
Sheldon: It was tornado season. And it was an aluminium house. Anyway, the housekeeper in the
faculty residence didn’t speak any English, when I finally managed to convince her I was sick, she
said “Möchtest Du eine Darmspülung?”
Penny: What does that mean?
Sheldon: Based on what happened next, I assume it means “would you like an enema?”
Penny: Okay, sweetie, I’ll take care of you, what do you need?
Sheldon: Well, my mom used to give me sponge baths.
Penny: Okay, ground rules, no sponge baths, and definitely no enemas.
Sheldon: Agreed.
Scene: The cinema.
Raj: Here we go, ten and a half hours of apey goodness.
Leonard: Oh dammit, my glasses. Okay, I’m blind here guys, can you help me find them?
Howard: Sorry. (Crunching sound) Found ‘em.
Leonard: Oh great.
Howard: Sorry, don’t you have a spare.
Leonard: Yeah, at home.
Raj: Well if you leave now, you can be back before the gorillas rip the crap out of Charlton Heston.
Howard: Unless Sheldon’s there, in which case you’ll be trapped forever in his whiny hyper neurotic
snot-web.
Leonard (Dials phone): Hi, Penny. I was wondering, is Sheldon still at the restaurant? Okay, that was
very nice of you. Okay, gotta go, got kind of a full blown Chernobyl thing here, gotta go, bye. (To
Howard) He’s home, I’m screwed. Ten and a half hours of apey blurriness.
Raj: How about Lasic?

Leonard: You want me to get eye surgery?
Raj: Would you rather go back to the apartment and deal with Sheldon, or have a stranger carve out
your corneas with a laser beam?
Howard: Well?
Leonard: I’m thinking!
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Penny: Okay, nice and cosy, okay, I’ll see you later.
Sheldon: Wait. Will you please rub this on my chest.
Penny: Oh, Sheldon, can’t you do that yourself?
Sheldon: Vaporub makes my hands smell funny.
Penny: But Sheldon….
Sheldon: Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
Penny: I can’t believe I’m doing this.
Sheldon: No, no, counter-clockwise or my chest hair mats.
Penny: Sorry.
Sheldon: Can you sing “Soft Kitty”.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: My mom used to sing it to me when I was sick.
Penny: I’m sorry, honey, I don’t know it.
Sheldon: I’ll teach you. “Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr purr
purr.” Now you.
Penny (after a loud sigh): Soft kitty, warm kitty…
Sheldon: Little ball of fur. Keep rubbing.
Penny (through gritted teeth): Little ball of fur.
Scene: The living room door, a fibre-optic camera emerges from underneath. We see the scene from
its point of view. Cut to outside. Raj is holding a laptop, Howard is feeding the camera under the door.
Leonard: What do you see, what do you see.
Raj: The living room appears to be empty.
Leonard: Okay, he must be in his bedroom. My spare glasses are in my bedroom, on my dresser, next
to my Bat-signal.
Howard: I’m not going in there.
Leonard: Raj?

Raj: No way, Jose.
Leonard: Well I can’t do it, I can’t see anything.
Howard: It’s all right, wireless mini-cam and Bluetooth headset. We’ll be your eyes.
Leonard: Fine.
Howard: One more thing. This is a subsonic impact sensor. If Sheldon gets out of bed and starts to
walk, this device will register it and send a signal to the laptop. At that point, based on the geography
of the apartment and the ambulatory speed of a sick Sheldon, you’ll have seven seconds to get out,
glasses or no glasses.
Leonard: Won’t my footsteps set it off?
Howard: No, you’ll be on your hands and knees. Now you’ll need to get the sensor as close as you
can to Sheldon’s room.
Leonard: Well, how do I carry it if I’m on my hands and knees?
Cut to Leonard entering apartment on hands and knees, carrying the sensor in his teeth.
Howard: Stay low. Bear left. Now keep true.
Leonard: What?
Howard: It means go straight.
Leonard: Then just say go straight.
Howard: You don’t stay go straight when you’re giving bearings, you say keep true.
Leonard: Alright (Bangs head on a trunk.) I just hit my head.
Howard: Because you didn’t keep true. (Time shift, Leonard is now outside bedrooms) Okay, turn
right.
Raj: The… the picture’s breaking up.
Howard: Angle your head to the right. A little more. A little more. (Leonard now has his head at right
angles to his body) That’s it, now just keep true. Alright, you’re close enough to Sheldon’s room,
deploy the sensor. Now turn it on.
Leonard: It wasn’t on?
Howard: No.
Leonard: Then why did I have to crawl?
Howard: Oh, I guess you didn’t.
Leonard: Okay, it’s on.
Howard: Good. From this point forward you will have to crawl.
Leonard: I know.
Howard: Hang on, the sensor’s picking up something, turn your head back. (Camera angle shows a
pair of female legs.)

Penny: You rat bastard.
Howard (running down stairs with Raj): Told you the sensor would work.
Leonard: Hi!
Penny: You deliberately stuck me with Sheldon.
Leonard: Well, I had to, you see what he’s like.
Sheldon (off): Penny! Penny, I’m hungry.
Penny: Uh, it’s okay, sweetie, good news, Leonard’s home!
Leonard: No!
Penny (handing him vaporub): Here you go, good luck, bye.
Leonard: W-wait!
Sheldon: Leonard, I’m hungry!
Leonard: Wait! Penny! Take me with you! (Runs after her and bumps into pillar. Falls semiconscious to the floor. Sheldon appears in his comforter.)
Sheldon: I want grilled cheese.
Time shift. Sheldon and Leonard are on the sofa. Sheldon is wrapped in his comforter, Leonard is
holding an ice-pack to his head.
Sheldon: Do you think Penny will come here and take care of us?
Leonard: I don’t think Penny’s ever coming here again.
Sheldon: I’m very congested.
Leonard: Yeah, so?
Sheldon: Can you go to the kitchen, and get me the turkey baster labelled mucus.
Leonard: If I stand, I’ll vomit.
Sheldon: Under the sink, yellow Tupperware bowl.

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 12
Scene: The University cafeteria.
Sheldon: Here’s the problem with teleportation.
Leonard: Lay it on me.
Sheldon: Assuming the device could be invented which would identify the quantum state of matter of
an individual in one location, and transmit that pattern to a distant location for reassembly, you would
not have actually transported the individual. You would have destroyed him in one location, and
recreated him in another.
Leonard: How about that.
Sheldon: Personally, I would never use a transporter. Because the original Sheldon would have to be
disintegrated in order to create a new Sheldon.
Leonard: Would the new Sheldon be in any way an improvement on the old Sheldon?
Sheldon: No, he would be exactly the same.
Leonard: That is a problem.
Sheldon: So, you see it too.
Dr Gablehouser (arriving): Dr Hofstadter, Dr Cooper.
Together: Dr Gablehouser.
Gablehouser: Gentlemen, I’d like you to meet Dennis Kim. Dennis is a highly sought after Doctorial
candidate and we’re hoping to have him do his graduate work here.
Leonard: Graduate work, very impressive.
Gablehouser: And he’s only fifteen years old.
Sheldon: Not bad, I myself started graduate school at fourteen.
Dennis: Well, I lost a year while my family was tunnelling out of North Korea.
Leonard: Advantage Kim.
Gablehouser: I thought maybe you boys could show Dennis around, let him see why we’re the best
physics research facility in the country.
Dennis: I already know you’re not. You don’t have an open science grid computer, or a free electron
laser, and the string theory research being done here is nothing but a dead end.
Sheldon: Excuse me, that is my research, and it is by no means a dead end.
Dennis: Well, obviously you don’t see it yet, but trust me, you will.
Gablehouser: Dennis, we discussed this, we’re in the process of updating our equipment, and we
welcome your input on our research goals, and we’ve agreed to look the other way if you want to use

up to 20% of the grant money you attract to smuggle your grandfather out of Pyongyang. We want
him here boys, make it happen.
Leonard: Yes sir.
Sheldon: You can count on us, we’re on it. What the hell do you mean, dead end.
Dennis: I mean, the whole landscape of false vacuums in string theory could be as large as ten to the
five-hundredth power. In addition… ooh, look, chocolate milk.
Sheldon: I sense a disturbance in the force.
Leonard (in a Yoda voice): A bad feeling I have about this, mmm-hmmm.
Credits sequence
Scene: A corridor.
Leonard: So, Dennis, how long have you been in America.
Dennis: A year and a half.
Leonard: No kidding, you speak English really well.
Dennis: So do you. Except for your tendency to end sentences with prepositions.
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Dennis: That.
Sheldon: He’s not wrong. Alright, and this is my office.
Dennis: Is this part of the tour?
Sheldon: Nope. Goodbye.
Leonard: Come on, Sheldon, we’ve hardly shown him anything.
Sheldon: Oh, alright, this is my desk, these are my books, this is my door, please close it behind you.
Goodbye.
Dennis: Looks like you’re doing work in quantum loop corrections.
Sheldon: Keen observation, goodbye.
Dennis: You see where you went wrong, don’t you?
Sheldon: Leonard.
Leonard: Huh, yeah?
Sheldon: Get him out.
Leonard: Come on, Dennis, I’ll show you the rec centre, they’ve got nautilus equipment.
Dennis: Do I look like I lift weights.
Leonard: Not heavy ones.
Dennis: It’s startling to me you haven’t considered a Lorentz invariant field theory approach.

Sheldon: You think I haven’t considered it? You really think I haven’t considered it?
Dennis: Have you considered it?
Sheldon: Get him out Leonard.
Leonard: Come on, Dennis, I’ll show you the radiation lab.
Dennis: Wow, you won the Stephenson award.
Sheldon: Yes, in fact I am the youngest person ever to win it.
Dennis: Really, how old?
Sheldon: Fourteen and a half.
Dennis: You were the youngest person ever to win it.
Leonard: It’s like looking into an obnoxious little mirror, isn’t it?
Scene: The living room of the apartment.
Penny (to Raj): Mmm, this is really delicious, isn’t it? (Raj looks uncomfortable, then nods.) Still
can’t talk to me unless you’re drunk, huh? (Shakes head) Oh, sweetie, you are so damaged.
Howard: Hey, I’m damaged too. How about a hug for Howie?
Penny: Sure. Raj, hug Howard.
Sheldon (dramatically): Uh-uh-uh.
Leonard: Something you’d like to share? A tale of woe perhaps.
Sheldon: Fifteen years old. Dennis Kim is fifteen years old, and he’s already correcting my work.
Today I went from being Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart to… you know, that other guy.
Howard: Antonio Salieri?
Sheldon: Oh, God, now even you’re smarter than me.
Howard: You know, Sheldon, you don’t have so many friends that you can afford to start insulting
them.
Leonard: Just eat, Sheldon, you’ll feel better.
Sheldon: Why waste food. In Texas when a cow goes dry they don’t keep feeding it, they just take her
out and shoot her between the eyes.
Penny: I’m confused, did Sheldon stop giving milk?
Leonard: You can’t let this kid get to you. You always knew that someday someone would come
along who was younger and smarter.
Sheldon: Yes, but I assumed I would have been dead hundreds of years, and that there would be an
asterisk by his name because he would be a cyborg.
Penny: So, you’ve got a bit of competition, I really don’t see what the big deal is.
Sheldon: Well of course you don’t, you’ve never excelled at anything.

Penny: I don’t understand, exactly how did he get any friends in the first place?
Howard: We liked Leonard.
Leonard: Well, what are you going to do, Sheldon, give up?
Sheldon: Yes. That’s what a rational person does when his entire life’s work is invalidated by a postpubescent Asian wunderkind. He ceases his fruitless efforts, he donates his body to scientific research,
and he waits to die.
Penny: You know, I’m confused again, is he waiting, or do we get to shoot him between the eyes?
Scene: The same, later that night
Sheldon: Hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: I’ve decided you’re right. My career is not over.
Leonard: Great.
Sheldon: But, since the arrival of Dennis Kim has rendered my research pointless, I just have to find
something else to focus on.
Leonard: Great.
Sheldon: So I’ve decided, I’m going to collaborate with you.
Leonard: Great.
Sheldon: What exactly is it you do? I know you chatter on about it all the time, but I’ve never really
paid attention.
Leonard: Okay, well, right now I’m designing an experiment to study the soft component of cosmic
radiation at sea-level, but I really don’t need any help.
Sheldon: Oh, sure you do. Now, see, what’s this here in the schematic, is that a laser array?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: No. Hmmm. What happens if you use argon lasers instead of helium neon?
Leonard: It would blow up.
Sheldon: Are you sure?
Leonard: Pretty sure.
Sheldon: Pretty sure’s not very scientific, is this how you normally work, just hunches and guesses
and stuff?
Leonard: Okay, Sheldon, I understand that you’re going through a bit of a career crisis, you’re
searching for some other area where you can feel valuable and productive but I need to tell you
something and I want you to listen carefully.
Sheldon: Alright.
Leonard: Go away.

Sheldon: If you’re concerned about sharing credit with me, you’re name can go first… I’m going.
Scene: Howard’s lab.
Howard (into phone): It’s a small brown paper bag, Ma, I’m looking at it right now. (Pause.) Why
would I make that up, there’s no ding-dong in it. (Pause.) How are two ding-dongs tomorrow going to
help me today?
Sheldon (entering): So, this is engineering, huh?
Howard (into phone): I’ll talk to you later.
Sheldon: Engineering. Where the noble semi-skilled labourers execute the vision of those who think
and dream. Hello, oompah-loompahs of science.
Howard: Sheldon, what are you doing here?
Sheldon: I just came by to say hello.
Howard: I’ve been at this lab for three years, you’ve never came by to say hello.
Sheldon: Well, up until now I’ve had better things to do. So, what are we making today?
Howard: A small payload support structure for a European science experimental package that’s going
up on the next space shuttle.
Sheldon: Really, how does it work?
Howard: When this is done, it will be attached to the payload bay, and the sensor apparatus will rest
on it.
Sheldon: Uh, huh. So it’s a shelf?
Howard: No, you don’t understand, during acceleration it needs to stay perfectly level and provide…
yeah, okay, it’s a shelf.
Sheldon: Now, I notice you’re using titanium, did you give any consideration to carbon nanotubes,
they’re lighter, cheaper and half twice the tensile strength.
Howard: Sheldon, there’s a diploma in my office that says I have a masters in engineering.
Sheldon: And you also have a note from your mother that says I love you, bubbula. But neither of
those is a cogent argument for titanium over nanotubes.
Howard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Yes.
Howard: Go away.
Sheldon: Did Leonard tell you to say that?
Howard: No, I thought of it all by myself.
Sheldon: Huh. It can’t be a coincidence. There must be some causal link I’m missing.
Scene: Raj is exiting his office.
Raj: Go away. (Sheldon exits)

Sheldon: Curiouser and curiouser.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard (entering): Is he here?
Leonard: If he were, I wouldn’t be.
Raj: Do you know what he did. He watched me work for ten minutes, and then started to design a
simple piece of software that could replace me.
Leonard: Is that even possible?
Raj: As it turns out, yes.
Howard: Something’s got to be done about him, Leonard.
Leonard: Like what? He’ll never be able to cope with the fact that some fifteen year-old kid is smarter
and more accomplished than he is.
Raj: Well, what if something were to happen to this boy so he was no longer a threat to Sheldon?
Howard: Then our problem would be solved.
Leonard: Hang on, are we talking about murdering Dennis Kim? I’m not saying no.
Howard: We don’t have to go that far, there are other means available.
Raj: We can’t send him back to North Korea. He knows how to get out.
Howard: The only thing we need to do is make this Kim kid lose his focus.
Leonard: That won’t happen, he’s not interested in anything but physics.
Howard: What about biology?
Leonard: What?
Howard: You know, biology? The one thing that can completely derail a world class mind.
Leonard: Howard, he’s fifteen.
Howard: Yeah, so, when I was fifteen I met Denise Polmerry and my grade point average fell from a
5.0 to a 1.8.
Raj: She was sleeping with you?
Howard: No, I just wasted a lot of time thinking about what it would be like if she did.
Sheldon (entering): Oh, good, you’re all here. Look, I’ve decided that if the three of you drop
whatever it is you’re working on and join me, we could lick cold fusion in less than a decade, twelve
years tops. (They stare at him.) Go away? (They nod) Hmm. Could it be me?
Scene: Outside Penny’s apartment.
Penny (opening door): Oh, hey guys, what’s up?
Howard: We need a hot fifteen year-old Asian girl with a thing for smart guys.

Penny: What?
Leonard: Howard, that’s racist, any fifteen year-old girl will do the trick. (Penny slams door.)
Raj: It’s possible she may have misunderstood us.
Scene: Sheldon’s office. He is making measurements on maps. There is a knock on the door.
Gablehouser (entering): Dr Cooper? Oh, are we interrupting?
Sheldon: No, no, please, come in. Yeah, I think you’ll appreciate this, very exciting.
Gablehouser: Oh, what are you working on?
Sheldon: Something remarkable. Since my prospects for the Nobel Prize in physics have disappeared,
thank you very much, I’ve decided to refocus my efforts and use my people skills to win the Nobel
Peace Prize. Look, I’m going to solve the Middle-East Crisis by building an exact replica of
Jerusalem in the middle of the Mexican desert.
Gablehouser: To what end?
Sheldon: You know, it’s like the baseball movie, build it and they will come.
Gablehouser: Who will come?
Sheldon: The Jewish people.
Gablehouser: What if they don’t come.
Sheldon: We’ll make it nice, put out a spread.
Gablehouser: Okay, well, um, speaking of spreads, we’re having a small welcoming party this
afternoon for Mr Kim, who’s agreed to join us here at the University.
Sheldon: Of course he has, the oracle told us little Neo was the one. You can see the Matrix, can’t you.
Gablehouser: Okay, well, uh, obviously you’re very busy with your… uh, um, come Dennis. You’ll
have to excuse Dr Cooper, he’s been under a lot of… um… he’s nuts.
Sheldon (voice off, sings to a Mexican tune): Ah, la-la-la, Hava Nagila. They’ll come, they’ll settle
and I’ll win the prize…
Scene: The welcoming party
Sheldon: I really don’t understand your objections, Professor Goldfarb, why wouldn’t the Senoran
Desert make a perfectly good promised land?
Goldfarb: Go away.
Sheldon: We could call it Nuevo Cherusalem.
Goldfarb: Please go away.
Sheldon: Said Pharoah to Moses.
Gablehouser: Why are all these young women here?
Leonard: It’s take your daughter to work day.

Gablehouser: Really, I was not aware of that.
Raj: Oh, yes. There was a very official email that was sent to everyone whose insurance files
indicated they had daughters between the ages of 14 and 16.
Gablehouser: Hm?
Howard: Smooth.
Raj: Thank you.
Gablehouser: There’s the man of the hour.
Leonard: Okay, so we now have a socially awkward genius in a room full of attractive ageappropriate women.
Howard: All he has to do now is hook up with one of them. (The look at Dennis, who is picking his
ear.)
Leonard: Does anyone else see the flaw in this plan?
Raj: We need a social catalyst.
Leonard: Like what? We can’t get fifteen year-old girls drunk.
Howard: Or can we?
Leonard: No, we can’t.
Howard: I don’t think you mean we can’t. I think you mean we shouldn’t.
Sheldon: Hey, Howard. You’re a Jew. If there was another wailing wall, exactly like the one in
Jerusalem, but close to taco stands and cheap prescription drugs, would you still be able to wail at it?
Okay, it’s definitely me.
Leonard: Okay, we cannot leave this to chance, lets pick a girl, and figure out how to get her together
with Dennis.
Raj: Okay. How about that one.
Howard: Uh-uh. I know the type, cheerleader, student council, goes out with jocks, won’t even look at
anybody in the gifted programme. And if, after two years of begging, she does agree to go out with
you, it turns out to be a set-up and you’re in the back seat of your mom’s car with your pants off while
the whole football team laughs at you.
Raj: Are you crying?
Howard: No, I have allergies.
Raj: Okay, uh, how about her?
Leonard: Sure. If he wants to spend a couple of years doing her homework while she drinks herself
into a stupor with non-fat White Russians, while you’re the one holding her head out of the toilet
while she’s puking and telling you she wishes more guys were like you, and they she gets into Cornell
because you wrote her essay for her, and you drive up to visit her one weekend and she acts like she
doesn’t even know you.
Raj: Okay, so not her either. How about her?

Howard: Interesting, kind of pretty, a little chubby so probably low self-esteem.
Leonard: I think that’s our girl. One of us should go talk to her.
Raj: I can’t talk to her, you do it.
Leonard: I can’t just go up and talk to her. Howard, you talk to her.
Howard: Oh no, she’ll never go for the kid once she gets a peek at this.
Raj: You know, if we were in India this would be simpler. Five minutes with her dad, twenty goats
and a laptop and we’d be done.
Leonard: Well, we’re not in India.
Raj: Alright, why don’t we do it your way then? We’ll arrange for this girl to move in across the hall
from Dennis so he can pathetically moon over her for months on end.
Leonard: Okay, that was uncalled for.
Raj: You started it, dude.
Gablehouser: Could I have everyone’s attention please. What a wonderful occasion this is. And how
fortunate that it should happen to fall on take your daughter to work day. We’re here to welcome Mr
Dennis Kim to our little family.
Sheldon (sarcastically): Welcome Dennis Kim.
Gablehouser: Mr Kim was not only the valedictorian at Stamford University, he is also the youngest
recipient of the prestigious Stephenson Award.
Sheldon: Youngest till the cyborgs rise up!
Gablehouser: And now, without any further ado, let me introduce the man of the hour, Mr Dennis
Kim. Dennis! Dennis!
Dennis: What?
Gablehouser: Would you like to tell us a little bit about your upcoming research.
Dennis: Um, no thanks. I’m going to the mall with Emma.
Gablehouser: Well, uh, well, uh….
Leonard: The kid got a girl.
Raj: Unbelievable.
Howard: Did anyone see how he did it?
Sheldon (to Gablehouser): Don’t worry, I’ve got this. Ladies and Gentlemen, honoured daughters.
While Mr Kim, by virtue of his youth and naivety, has fallen prey to the inexplicable need for human
contact, let me step in and assure you that my research will go on uninterrupted, and that social
relationships will continue to baffle and repulse me. Thank you.
Howard: He’s back.
Leonard: Yeah, mission accomplished.

Raj: Forget the mission, how did that little yutz get a girl on his own?
Howard: I guess times have changed since we were young. Smart is the new sexy.
Leonard: Well, why do we go home alone every night, we’re still smart.
Raj: Maybe we’re too smart. So smart it’s offputting.
Howard: Yeah, let’s go with that.
Scene: The park. The four guys are carrying remote control rockets.
Howard: Unbelievable. Components I built are on the International Space Station, and I get a ticket
for launching a model rocket in the park.
Leonard: I don’t know if the ticket was so much for the launch as it was for you telling the
policewoman “you have to frisk me, I have a rocket in my pants.”
Raj: Hey, look at that. (There is a group of youngsters on the grass, laying about. One is playing a
guitar. Dennis Kim is among them. He is drinking something from a bottle in a brown paper bag.) It’s
Dennis Kim.
Howard: Wow, I almost didn’t recognise him.
Raj: You know, I kind of feel bad about what we did to him. (Dennis is now snogging the face off
Emma)
Leonard: Yeah, we really ruined his life.
Sheldon: Screw him, he was weak.

