Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 09
Scene: Outside an apartment building.
Howard: So two years later, there’s a knock on the door, guy opens it, and there on his porch is the
snail, who says, “What the heck was all that about?”
Bernadette: I don’t really get it.
Howard: Well, see, it took two years for the snail to… (she kisses him) not important.
Bernadette: Can I ask you a question?
Howard: Sure.
Bernadette: Where do you think this is going?
Howard: To be honest, I was hoping at least second base.
Bernadette: You’re so funny. You’re like a stand-up comedian.
Howard: A Jewish stand-up comedian, that’d be new.
Bernadette: Actually, I think a lot of them are Jewish.
Howard: No, I was just… never mind.
Bernadette: Look, Howard, this is our third date and we both know what that means.
Howard: We do?
Bernadette: Sex.
Howard: You’re kidding.
Bernadette: But I need to know whether you’re looking for a relationship or a one-night stand.
Howard: Okay, just to be clear, there’s only one correct answer, right? It’s not like chicken or fish on
an airplane?
Bernadette: Maybe you need to think about it a little.
Howard: You know, it’s not unheard of for a one-night stand to turn into a relationship.
Bernadette: Call me when you figure it out.
Howard: Three dates means sex? Who knew?

Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Greetings, homies, homette.
Penny: Why are you back from your date so early?
Howard: In romance, as in show business, always leave them wanting more.
Penny: What exactly does that mean?
Leonard: He struck out.
Credits sequence.

Scene: The university cafeteria.
Howard: Hey, did either of you guys know that three dates with the same woman is the threshold for
sex?
Raj: Actually, I’ve never had three dates with the same woman.
Leonard: With Penny and me, it took two years. Now that I think about it, that was three dates.
Howard: Okay, well, before you and Penny hooked up, did she ask for any kind of commitment?
Leonard: No, she was pretty clear about wanting to keep her options open.
Sheldon (arriving): I have something to announce, but out of respect for convention, I will wait for
you to finish your current conversation. What are you talking about?
Leonard: The cultural paradigm in which people have sex after three dates.
Sheldon: I see. Now, are we talking date, the social interaction, or date, the dried fruit?
Leonard: Never mind, what’s your announcement?
Sheldon: Oh, good, my turn. Well, this is very exciting and I wanted you to be among the first to
know…
Kripke: Hey, Cooper, I hear you’re going to be on the wadio with Ira Fwatow from Science Fwiday
next week.
Sheldon: Thank you, Kripke, for depriving me of the opportunity to share my news with my friends.
Kripke: My pweasure.
Sheldon: My thank you was not sincere.

Kripke: But my pweasure is. Let me ask you a question, at what point did National Public Wadio have
to start scwaping the bottom of the bawwel for its guests? Eh, don’t answer, it’s wetowical.
Sheldon: Why are you such a stupid head? That is also rhetorical. I’m sorry you had to hear that.
Leonard: Are you really going to be on NPR?
Sheldon: Yes, they’re interviewing me by phone from my office, regarding the recent so-called
discovery of magnetic monopoles in spin-ices. It’s pledge week and they’re trying to goose the ratings
with a little controversy.
Leonard: Very cool, congratulations.
Sheldon: Thank you. My mother is very excited. She’s convening her Bible study group to listen in,
and then pray for my soul.
Raj: I was on the radio once. I called in to Fever 104 FM New Delhi and was the fourth person to say
the phrase that pays, “Fever 104,
घर.” That means: “Fever 104, home of
the really good current music.” It’s much catchier in Hindi.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: All right. These are the talking points for my NPR interview tomorrow. I need to make sure
that they’re simple enough for the less educated in the audience to understand. Howard, look this over
and tell me what’s unclear to you.
Howard: Excuse me, I have a master’s degree in engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology. It required the completion of 144 units of grad work and an original thesis.
Sheldon: Yes. Look this over and tell me what’s unclear to you.
Leonard: You know, when Sheldon gives you homework, you don’t have to do it.
Raj: In fact, it’s better if you don’t, otherwise it makes the rest of us look bad.
Penny: Hi, guys.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: Yo, Raj, talk to me. I’m sorry, just screwing with you. Hey, Howard, why haven’t you called
Bernadette?
Howard: Did she say something?
Penny: Yeah, she said she hasn’t heard from you in a week. I thought you liked her?
Howard: I do, yeah, but she wants a commitment and I’m not sure she’s my type.
Penny: She agreed to go out with you for free. What more do you need?

Howard: Look, Bernadette is really nice. I just always thought when I finally settle down into a
relationship, it would be with someone, you know, different.
Penny: Different how?
Howard: Well, you know, more like Megan Fox from Transformers, or Katee Sackhoff from
Battlestar Galactica.
Penny: Are you high?
Leonard: You’d have a better shot with the three-breasted Martian hooker from Total Recall.
Howard: Okay, now you’re just being unrealistic. Anyway, that movie was like 20 years ago, imagine
how saggy those things would be.
Penny: Howard, you’re going to throw away a great girl like Bernadette because you’re holding out
for some ridiculous fantasy?
Howard: Hey, just because you settled doesn’t mean I have to.
Leonard: Excuse me, I’m sitting here.
Penny: Hey, I did not settle for Leonard. I mean, obviously, he isn’t the kind of guy I usually go out
with, you know, physically.
Leonard: Again, I’m right here.
Penny: My point is, I do not judge a book by its cover. I am interested in the person underneath.
Leonard: I am here, right? You see me.
Howard: Hey, I’m interested in what’s inside people, too, but why is it wrong to want those insides
wrapped up in, say, the delicious caramel that is Halle Berry? (To Raj) Yes, you’re delicious caramel,
too.
Penny: All right, you know what, I will tell you why it’s wrong…
Sheldon: Excuse me, may I interject?
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Biologically speaking, Howard is perfectly justified in seeking out the optimum mate for the
propagation of his genetic line.
Howard: Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Now, whether that propagation is in the interest of humanity is, of course, an entirely
different question.
Scene: Kripke is in a storage cupboard of some kind. He has tubes rigged up through the roof
attached to helium tanks which he is turning on. The radio is playing.

Radio: This is Ira Flatow and you’re listening to NPR’s Science Friday. Joining us today by phone
from his office in Pasadena, California is Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Kripke: Oh, this is going to be a wiot.
Scene switches to Sheldon’s office, where the end of the tubing can be seen coming through the wall.
Hissing can be heard.
Radio: Thanks for being with us today, Dr. Cooper.
Sheldon: My pleasure, Ira.
Ira: Now, let’s talk about magnetic monopoles. Can you explain to our audience just what a monopole
is?
Sheldon: Of course. First, consider an ordinary magnet which has, (the pitch of his voice begins to rise)
as even the most uneducated in your audience must know, two poles, (pitch rises further) a north and
south pole. If you cut that in half, you have two smaller magnets, each with its own north and south
pole.
Ira: Uh, Dr. Cooper, I think there might be something wrong with our connection.
Sheldon (even higher pitch): No, I hear you fine. As I was saying, an ordinary magnet has two poles.
The primary characteristic of a monopole is that it has only one pole, hence, monopole.
Scene cuts to university cafeteria where Kripke is holding up the radio for all to listen.
Sheldon: A requirement for string theory, or M-theory, if you will, is the existence of such monopoles.
I, myself, led an expedition to the Arctic Circle in search of said particles. Kripke, I found the nozzle!
I’m going to kill you!
Scene: Howard’s bathroom. He is in the bath.
Howard: So nice you could join me this evening. You’re looking lovely as always.
Katee Sackhoff: Thanks, Howard. Always nice to be part of your masturbatory fantasies.
Howard: Come on, Katee, don’t make it sound so cheap.
Katee: I’m sorry, fiddling with yourself in the bathtub is a real class act.
Howard: Thank you. So, shall we get started?
Katee: Sure. But can I ask you a question first?
Howard: You want to play Cylon and colonist?
Katee: No. I want to know why you’re playing make-believe with me when you could be out with a
real woman tonight.
Howard: You mean, Bernadette?

Katee: No, I mean Princess Leia. Of course I mean Bernadette. She’s a wonderful girl and she really
likes you.
Howard: I know, but she’s not you.
Katee: I’m not me. The real me is in Beverly Hills going out with a tall, handsome, rich guy.
Howard: Really? Tall?
Katee: Six-four.
Howard: Ouch.
Katee: The point is, you’ve got a wonderful girl in your life, and you’re ignoring her in order to spend
your nights in the bathtub with a mental image and a wash cloth.
Howard’s Mother: Howard! What are you doing in there?
Howard: I’m taking a bath!
Howard’s Mother: I hope that’s all you’re doing! We share that tub!
Howard: Don’t remind me! (Katee has vanished) Oh, man. All soaped up and no place to go.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Leonard: How ya doin’, buddy?
Sheldon: I was humiliated on national radio. How do you think I’m doing?
Leonard: Come on, it wasn’t that bad.
Sheldon: What do you want?
Raj (in a munchkin voice): We represent the Lollipop Guild, and we want you.
Leonard: Okay, so Kripke played a joke on you.
Sheldon: It wasn’t funny.
Raj: I thought it was funny.
Leonard: Raj.
Raj: You laughed.
Sheldon: Did you laugh?
Leonard: I fell on the floor. All right, he got you, you can get him back.
Sheldon: I refuse to sink to his level.

Raj: You can’t sink. With all that helium in you, you’re lucky you don’t float away.
Leonard: Are you really admitting defeat?
Sheldon: I never admit defeat.
Leonard: Good.
Sheldon: However, on an unrelated topic, I am never getting out of this bed again.
Leonard: What if you could make Kripke look even sillier than he made you look?
Raj: I don’t think that’s possible, dude.
Leonard: You’re not helping.
Raj: I didn’t come to help, I came to mock.
Leonard: Sheldon, what you need to do is figure out a way to exact vengeance on Kripke, like, uh,
like, how the Joker got back at Batman for putting him in the Arkham Asylum for the Criminally
Insane.
Raj: That’s true. He didn’t just stay there and talk about his feelings with the other psychotic villains.
He, he broke out and poisoned Gotham’s water supply.
Sheldon: Well, I suppose I could poison Kripke.
Leonard: No, no.
Sheldon: It’s a simple matter. There are several toxic chemicals that’d be untraceable in an autopsy.
Leonard: Okay, uh, that’s the spirit, but, um, let’s dial it back to a non-lethal form of vengeance.
Sheldon: Oh! How about we put awhoopee cushion on his office chair? He’ll sit down, it’ll sound like
he’s flatulent, even though he’s not.
Leonard: Let’s keep thinking.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory. Howard enters.
Penny: Oh, gee, you’re too late. Scarlett Johansson and Wonder Woman were just in here trolling
around for neurotic, little weasels.
Howard: Yeah, I came to talk to Bernadette. She’s working today, right?
Penny: Yes, but I don’t think she wants to see you.
Howard: Why not?
Penny: Come on, Howard. You hurt her feelings by not calling her all week. Plus, I’ve kind of been
talkin’ some smack about ya.

Bernadette: Hello, Howard.
Howard: Wait, Bernadette, I need to talk to you.
Bernadette: I can’t now, I’m working.
Howard: This will only take a second. You asked me to think about where our relationship was going,
and I did. Bernadette? Will you marry me?
Bernadette: Is this more comedy that I don’t understand?
Howard: No. I’m serious. I’m never going to find another girl like you who likes me and is, you know,
real.
Bernadette: So, this isn’t a joke?
Howard: No.
Bernadette: Then you’re insane.
Howard: I prefer to think of myself as quirky.
Bernadette: Howard, we’ve only been on three dates. We haven’t even had sex yet.
Howard: Fair enough. When’s your break?
Bernadette: Wow. (Walks away)
Howard: Don’t you just hate when this happens?
Penny: Wow.
Scene: The apartment kitchen.
Sheldon: All right, how’s this for revenge? A solution of hydrogen peroxide, and one of saturated
potassium iodide.
Raj: What’s this?
Sheldon: Mountain Dew. Ah, refreshing. Now, we’re going to combine these chemicals with ordinary
dish soap, creating a little exothermic release of oxygen.
Raj: Foamy vengeance.
Sheldon: Yes, exactly.
Leonard: This is brilliant, Sheldon. How are we going to deploy it in Kripke’s office?
Sheldon: Already taken care of. Observe. This is a live shot of Kripke’s lab via a mini webcam I was
able to install, thanks to a dollar bill discreetly placed in the night janitor’s shirt pocket. At the same
time, I also secured large quantities of these chemicals above the tiles in the drop ceiling.

Raj: Oh, Sheldon, you remind me of a young Lex Luthor.
Sheldon: You flatter me, sir.
Leonard: Let me guess, motion sensors?
Sheldon: The reaction will be triggered when Kripke reaches the center of the room. Mwah, ha, ha.
Leonard: I gotta say, I am really impressed. This is truly the Sheldon Cooper way to get even. (Sits
down. There is a flatulent noise)
Sheldon: It may be low-tech, but I still maintain the whoopee cushion has comic validity.
Raj: Here comes Kripke!
Leonard: Who is that with him?
Raj: I believe that’s the president of the university.
Leonard: And the board of directors. Abort! Abort!
Sheldon: There is no abort.
Raj: Well, how could you not put in an abort?
Sheldon: I made a boo-boo, all right?
Kripke: I think the board will weally appweciate how well we’re using that NSA gwant, Pwesident
Seibert. Wight here we have a micwo-contwolled pwasma… (foam falls from the ceiling soaking
everyone)
Raj: Wow. Looks like the Ganges on laundry day.
Leonard: At least they don’t know it was you.
Sheldon (on Kripke’s computer in the lab): Hello, Kripke. This classic prank comes to you from the
malevolent mind of Sheldon Cooper. If you’d like to see the look on your stupid face, this video is
being instantly uploaded to YouTube. Oh, and a hat tip to Leonard Hofstadter and Raj Koothrappali
for their support and encouragement in this enterprise.
Raj: Well, I’m going back to India. What’s your plan?
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.

Penny: Hey, here’s your tip from table seven.
Bernadette: Oh, thanks.
Penny: Mm-hmm.

Howard (on the stage, into a microphone): Testing. Check. Check two.
Bernadette: Oh, now what?
Penny: You want me to throw him out?
Bernadette: No, that’s okay.
Penny: Are you sure? He’s small. I bet I can get a nice, tight spiral on him.
Howard: I want to dedicate this number to a great gal who I’ve done wrong. (To the tune of the Four
Tops song Bernadette) Bernadette, I am so sorry for trying to propose to you, Bernadette, you found it
creepy but that’s just the kind of thing I do. I know now it was too soon to talk of love. It was just a
crazy idea that came to me in my tub. But, Bernadette, give me one more chance, sweet Bernadette,
I’ll get the hang of this thing they call romance, sweet Bernadette, I dream to once again kiss your lips,
sweet Bernadette. Sincerely yours, Howard Wolowitz, Bernadette…
Penny: Oh, I am so sorry.
Bernadette: Are you kidding? That’s the most romantic thing anyone’s ever done for me.
Howard (still singing): …Bernadette! Thank you, Cheesecake Factory!

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 10
Scene: The apartment
Penny: Hey, Leonard, check this out. (Throws some food in the air and catches it in her mouth)
Sheldon: Leonard, she’s doing it again.
Leonard: I think it upsets Sheldon when you play with the food.
Sheldon: No. It upsets Sheldon when she willy-nilly takes it from the containers without regard for its
equitable distribution. This is essentially why you have famine in India.
Penny: You want me to put it back?
Sheldon: Leonard.
Leonard: It upsets Sheldon when you play with the Sheldon.
Howard (arriving): What’s up, my nerdizzles? Raj, Sheldon, I want you to meet my girlfriend
Bernadette.
Sheldon: Hello.
Howard: Leonard, Penny, you know my girlfriend Bernadette.
Leonard: Yeah. Hey.
Howard: Bernadette, say fo’shizzle to my nerdizzles.
Bernadette: I don’t think I can. I don’t have Howard’s street cred.
Howard: I hope it’s all right, I told my girlfriend Bernadette she could join us for dinner.
Leonard: Sure. The more, the merrier.
Sheldon: Wait, no, that’s a false equivalency. More does not equal merry. If there were 2,000 people
in this apartment right now, would we be celebrating? No, we’d be suffocating.
Leonard: Sheldon…
Sheldon: Don’t Sheldon me. We ordered for five people, not six.
Penny: Oh, come on, it’s fine. We’ll just put it all on the table, you know, family style.
Sheldon: Oh, sure. And while we’re at it, why don’t we put our hands behind our backs, have an oldfashioned eating contest?

Leonard: Relax, it’ll be fine, sit down, you guys.
Everyone: NO!
Bernadette: What?
Penny: Oh, yeah, you can’t sit there.
Bernadette: Why not?
Leonard: That’s where Sheldon sits.
Bernadette: He can’t sit somewhere else?
Penny: Oh no, no, you see, in the winter, that seat is close enough to the radiator so that he’s warm,
yet not so close that he sweats. In the summer, it’s directly in the path of a cross-breeze created by
opening windows there and there. It faces the television at an angle that isn’t direct, so he can still talk
to everybody, yet not so wide that the picture looks distorted.
Sheldon: Perhaps there’s hope for you after all.
Credits sequence.

Scene: A few moments later.
Bernadette: Ooh, I love your shoes.
Penny: Oh, thanks. They are cute, aren’t they?
Bernadette: Where’d you get them?
Penny: Shoes for Less.
Bernadette: I’ve been meaning to go over there.
Penny: Oh, great selection, great prices.
Sheldon: My mother was right. Hell is real.
Howard: Come on, Sheldon. let the womenfolk chat.
Penny: Womenfolk?
Howard: Gals? Chicks? Utero-Americans?
Penny: Just eat your dinner.
Bernadette: Don’t take him too seriously, a lot of what he says is intended as humour.

Penny: Yeah, well, I don’t think it’s very funny.
Bernadette: Me neither, but he just lights up when I laugh.
Penny: Howard, never let her go.
Bernadette: So, Leonard, Howard says you’re working on fundamental tests of quantum mechanics.
Leonard: I am. Are you interested in physics?
Bernadette: Oh, I find it fascinating. If I hadn’t gone into microbiology, I probably would have gone
into physics. Or ice dancing.
Leonard: Actually, my tests of the Aharonov-Bohm quantum interference effect have reached an
interesting point. Right now, we’re testing the phase shift due to an electric potential.
Bernadette: That’s amazing.
Sheldon: Yes. Leonard’s work is nearly as amazing as third graders growing lima beans in wet paper
towels. (Raj whispers to him) While I appreciate the oh, snap, I’m uncomfortable having your moist
breath in my ear.
Bernadette: Are you going to try to set up the voltages using tunnel junctions?
Leonard: Yes, I am. You want to see a simulation on my laptop?
Bernadette: Oh, yeah, show me. In microbiology, the most exciting thing I get to work with is yeast.
Sheldon: Howard?
Howard: Yeah?
Sheldon: Your shoes are delightful. Where did you get them?
Howard: What?
Sheldon: Bazinga. I don’t care.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon and Raj are playing a racing game on the Wii.
Raj: Ha! Eat my dust, racially stereotypical plumber.
Sheldon: That’s not fair. I got stuck behind a tree.
Raj: And a cow and a penguin. Face it dude, whether it’s a real car or a virtual cartoon car, you can’t
drive.
Sheldon: Just need a little more practice.
Raj: What you need is cheat codes, motor skills and a magic genie who grants wishes to little boys
who suck at Mario Kart.

Penny (knocking and entering): Hey, Sheldon, can I talk to you for a second?
Sheldon: It’s not about shoes, is it? I don’t think I could go through that again.
Penny: It’s not about shoes.
Sheldon: Then speak.
Penny: Um, actually, can we do it in private?
Sheldon: All right. (To Raj) Go away. I agree, it’s rude, but she asked for privacy.
Penny: Thanks, Raj. Okay, so here’s the thing, I was wondering if you could maybe teach me a little
physics?
Sheldon: A little physics? There’s no such thing. Physics encompasses the entire universe, from
quantum particles to supernovas, from spinning electrons to spinning galaxies.
Penny: Yeah, okay, cool. I don’t need the PBS special, I just want to know enough so I can talk to
Leonard about his job. You know, like Bernadette does.
Sheldon: Why can’t Leonard teach you?
Penny: ‘Cause I want to surprise him.
Sheldon: Can’t you surprise him in some other way? For example, I’m sure he’d be delightfully taken
aback if you cleaned your apartment.
Penny: Come on, Sheldon, this is important to me.
Sheldon: Penny, this would be a massive undertaking, and my time is both limited and valuable.
Penny: You’re sitting here playing video games all day.
Sheldon: Okay, point. What sort of foundation do you have? Did you take any science classes in
school?
Penny: Sure. I did the one with the frogs.
Sheldon: The one with the frogs.
Penny: Yeah, actually, it was pretty cool. A lot of the girls threw up, but I gutted that thing like a deer.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, Penny, I don’t think so.
Penny: Oh, come on! A smart guy like you, it’ll be a challenge. You can make it like an experiment.
Sheldon: Interesting. I suppose if someone could teach sign language to KoKo the gorilla, I could
teach you some rudimentary physics.
Penny: Great! It’s a little insulting, but great. I’ll be KoKo.

Sheldon: Not likely. KoKo learned to understand over 2,000 words, not one of which had anything to
do with shoes.
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Howard: Hey, fellas. This is my girlfriend Bernadette. My girlfriend Bernadette.
Bernadette: Who are all those people?
Howard: Have no idea. Hey, Leonard.
Bernadette: Hi.
Leonard: Hey, look, it’s Howard and his girlfriend Bernadette.
Howard: Thought I’d give the little woman a tour of the old salt mines.
Bernadette: He doesn’t mean salt mines. He means where he works.
Leonard: Yeah, no, I got it.
Bernadette: So, how’s your experiment going?
Leonard: Ah, terrific. We’re getting the electron accelerator set up. We should be ready to go day
after tomorrow.
Bernadette: Boy, I’d love to see that.
Leonard: You’re welcome to come.
Bernadette: Really? Oh, that’d be great. How exciting is that?
Howard: Like Hanukkah in July.
Bernadette: Do they have that?
Howard: No.
Bernadette: Oh. You got me again. This isn’t non-fat yogurt, this is fatty fat fat. Excuse me.
Howard: Could you grab me another napkin, sweetie?
Bernadette: Sure.
Howard: Thanks, honey. (She goes) All right, what is your deal?
Leonard: Excuse me?
Howard: Inviting my girlfriend to come see your electron accelerator?
Leonard: Yeah? So?

Howard: Wow! You really are a piece of work. It’s not enough you get the prom queen, you have to
get the head of the decorating committee, too?
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Howard: Don’t play innocent with me. I practically invented using fancy lab equipment to seduce
women.
Leonard: Has it ever worked?
Howard: Not so far, but that’s not the point!
Leonard: Howard, relax, I’m not interested in your girlfriend.
Howard: I hope not, because you don’t want to mess with me. I’m crazy.
Leonard: I believe you.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Research journal, entry one. I’m about to embark on one of the great challenges of my
scientific career, teaching Penny physics. I’m calling it Project Gorilla.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Come in. Take a seat. Subject has arrived. I’ve extended a friendly casual greeting.
Penny: Ready to get started?
Sheldon: One moment. Subject appears well-rested and enthusiastic. Apparently, ignorance is bliss.
All right, let us begin. Where’s your notebook?
Penny: Um, I don’t have one.
Sheldon: How are you going to take notes without a notebook?
Penny: I have to take notes?
Sheldon: How else are you gonna study for the tests?
Penny: There’s gonna be a test?
Sheldon: Tests. Here. It’s college-ruled. I hope that’s not too intimidating.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. Now, Introduction to Physics. What is physics? Physics comes from the
ancient Greek word physika. It’s at this point that you’ll want to start taking notes. Physika means the
science of natural things. And it is there, in ancient Greece, that our story begins.
Penny: Ancient Greece?

Sheldon: Hush. If you have questions, raise your hand. It’s a warm summer evening, circa 600 BC,
you’ve finished your shopping at the local market, or agora, and you look up at the night sky. There
you notice some of the stars seem to move, so you name them planetes, or wanderer. Yes, Penny?
Penny: Um, does this have anything to do with Leonard’s work?
Sheldon: This is the beginning of a twenty six hundred year journey we’re going to take together from
the ancient Greeks through Isaac Newton to Niels Bohr to Erwin Schrodinger to the Dutch researchers
that Leonard is currently ripping off.
Penny: Twenty six hundred years?
Sheldon: Yeah, give or take. As I was saying, it’s a warm summer evening in ancient Greece… Yes,
Penny?
Penny: I have to go to the bathroom.
Sheldon: Can’t you hold it?
Penny: Not for twenty six hundred years.
Sheldon: Project Gorilla, entry two. I am exhausted.
Scene: Howard’s bedroom.
Bernadette: Howard?
Howard: Huh?
Bernadette: It unhooks in the front.
Howard: Oh, that explains a lot.
Howard’s Mother: Howard, I’m home!
Howard: Of course.
Howard’s Mother: Senior fitness was cancelled. It turns out you can forget how to ride a bike. I’m
fine, but, oy, did Sam Harpootian eat gravel.
Howard: That’s great, Ma!
Howard’s Mother: What’s great about an 80-year-old Armenian man with half his chin scraped off?
Bernadette: I guess I should go.
Howard: No, no, don’t move. Hey, Ma, can I have lamb stew for dinner?
Howard’s Mother: Lamb stew? I’d have to go to the supermarket.
Howard: Please? I got a real hankering.

Howard’s Mother: Oh, I can’t say no to my little tushy face. I’ll be back soon.
Howard: Thanks, Ma.
Howard’s Mother: Do you want the regular peas or the Le Seur?
Howard: Always Le Seur peas with lamb stew!
Howard’s Mother: You’re right! When you’re right, you’re right! What if they’re out of the Le Seur?
Howard: Then get the regular!
Howard’s Mother: All right! You don’t have to yell!
Howard: Sorry about that.
Bernadette (her phone chimes): Let me just put that on vibrate.
Howard: I’m already on vibrate.
Bernadette: You know, that one I got. Howard, did you say something to Leonard about me?
Howard: Uh, what do you mean?
Bernadette: He says if I go see his experiment tomorrow it might weird you out.
Howard: Really? He said that?
Bernadette: You’re not jealous of Leonard, are you?
Howard: Me? No. I may have mentioned that it’s a little inappropriate to be asking another man’s
girlfriend to his experiment without first discussing it with said man.
Bernadette: Are you saying I need to ask your permission to hang out with Leonard?
Howard: I didn’t say anything like that. I said Leonard has to ask my permission. (Bernadette storms
out) Come on, I don’t want to eat lamb stew with my mother. Damn, I was this close on the bra.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Now, remember, Newton realized that Aristotle was wrong and force was not necessary to
maintain motion. So let’s plug in our 9.8 meters per second squared as A and we get force, Earth
gravity, equals mass times 9.8 meters per second per second. So we can see that MA equals MG and
what do we know from this?
Penny: Uh, we know that… Newton was a really smart cookie. Oh! Is that where Fig Newtons come
from?
Sheldon: No, Fig Newtons are named after a small town in Massachusetts. Don’t write that down!
Penny: Sorry.

Sheldon: Now, if MA equals MG what does that imply?
Penny: I don’t know.
Sheldon: How can you not know? I just told you. Have you suffered a recent blow to the head?
Penny: Hey! You don’t have to be so mean!
Sheldon: I’m sorry. (Smiling) Have you suffered a recent blow to the head?
Penny: No, you just suck at teaching.
Sheldon: Really? Of those two explanations, which one seems the most likely?
Penny: Oh, God, Sheldon, look I’m trying to understand, but you’re going too fast. Can you just back
up a little bit?
Sheldon: All right. It’s a warm summer evening in ancient Greece…
Penny: Not that far back!
Sheldon: Okay! At what point did you begin to feel lost?
Penny: I don’t know. Where were we looking up at the night sky?
Sheldon: Greece.
Penny: Damn it!
Sheldon: There’s no need to get frustrated, people learn at different rates. Unlike objects falling in a
vacuum, which…? MA equals MG?
Penny: Squared?
Sheldon: No.
Penny: Aristotle?
Sheldon: No.
Penny: Five?
Sheldon: Oh!
Penny: Then I don’t know.
Sheldon: Why are you crying?
Penny: Because I’m stupid!

Sheldon: That’s no reason to cry. One cries because one is sad. For example, I cry because others are
stupid and it makes me sad.
Penny: Okay, look, can we just please forget about all this extra stuff and can you just tell me what
Leonard does?
Sheldon: All right. Leonard is attempting to learn why sub-atomic particles move the way they do.
Penny: Really? That’s it? Well, that doesn’t sound so complicated.
Sheldon: It’s not. That’s why Leonard does it.
Penny: Okay, I just have one question. What exactly are sub-atomic particles?
Sheldon: A good question.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: And to answer it, we first must ask ourselves, what is physics?
Penny: Oh, balls.
Sheldon: It’s a warm summer evening in ancient Greece…
Scene: Leonard’s lab.
Howard: Okay, I got a bone to pick with you.
Leonard: What did I do now?
Howard: I was in bed with Bernadette, and you text-blocked me.
Leonard: What?
Howard: We were completely naked, about to devour each other when, you text her that I have a
problem with her hanging out with you.
Leonard: You do have a problem with her hanging out with me.
Howard: Yeah, but that’s not what you tell her.
Leonard: What was I supposed to tell her?
Howard: I don’t know, something that doesn’t make me come off as a petty, jealous douche.
Leonard: And what would that be?
Howard: Come on, do I have to think of everything?
Bernadette: Hey, Leonard. Am I too late to see the experiment? Oh, hi.

Howard: Hi.
Bernadette: What are you doing here?
Howard: Same thing you’re doing here. I came to see Leonard’s experiment.
Bernadette: No, you didn’t. You said Leonard’s experiment was stupid.
Leonard: You told her my experiment was stupid?
Howard: I was just repeating what Sheldon said. Let’s not get off topic, Bernadette, I need to
apologize. I was wrong to tell you who you should be friends with.
Leonard: Should I, um, leave you two alone?
Bernadette: No, Leonard, you should hear this.
Leonard: Okay, good, ’cause I wasn’t really gonna go.
Howard: Look, I know I come off as confident and worldly, but the truth is I’m not.
Leonard: We’re shocked.
Howard: Which is why I tend to feel threatened by other guys.
Leonard: Or loud noises, clowns and nuns.
Howard: But I now realize how foolish that is.
Leonard: He had a panic attack once when he got his head stuck in a sweater.
Howard: It was a full turtleneck. Why aren’t you helping me?
Leonard: I don’t know. Maybe because I’m crazy?
Howard: Bernadette, please, I’m asking you to give me another chance.
Bernadette: What do you think, Leonard? Should I give him another chance?
Leonard: It’s up to you. He didn’t call your experiment stupid.
Bernadette: Come here, tushy face.
Leonard: Tushy face, that is going on Twitter right now.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: Raj, you should’ve seen Leonard’s experiment. The interference pattern was so cool when
the electron beam was on.
Leonard: I’m glad you enjoyed it. Most people aren’t that interested in what I do.

Penny: Actually, that’s not true, Leonard. In fact, recently I’ve been thinking that given the
parameters of your experiment, the transport of electrons through the aperture the nano-fabricated
metal rings is qualitatively no different than the experiment already conducted in the Netherlands.
Their observed phase shift in the diffusing electrons inside the metal ring already conclusively
demonstrated the electric analogue of the Aharonov-Bohm quantum-interference effect. That’s it.
That’s all I know. Oh, wait! Fig Newtons were named after a town in Massachusetts, not the scientist.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 11
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Oh, I always tear up when the Grinch’s heart grows three sizes.
Sheldon: Tears seem appropriate. Enlargement of the heart muscle, or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy,
is a serious disease which could lead to congestive heart failure.
Leonard (singing Deck the Halls): Fa-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la.
Penny: You really didn’t like it, Sheldon?
Sheldon: No, on the contrary. I found the Grinch to be a relatable, engaging character, and I was
really with him right up to the point that he succumbed to social convention and returned the presents
and saved Christmas. What a buzz kill that was.
Leonard: When we watch Frosty the Snowman, he roots for the sun.
Sheldon: Excuse me, but the sun is essential for all life on Earth. Frosty is merely a bit of frozen
supernatural ephemera in a stolen hat. A crime, by the way, for which he is never brought to account.
Leonard (continuing Deck the Halls): Fa-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la.
Credits sequence.

Scene: The apartment.
Penny: I just love decorating the Christmas tree. It makes me feel like a little girl again.
Leonard: We didn’t have a tree when I was growing up.
Penny: Really? Why not?
Leonard: Mmm, in my family, holidays weren’t so much celebrated as studied for their
anthropological and psychological implications on human society.
Penny: Oh, sounds festive. Did you at least give presents?
Leonard: Mmm, in a way. We presented papers, and then broke off into focus groups and critiqued
each other.
Penny: Sheldon, what about you? Did you have a Christmas tree?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. We had a tree, we had a manger, we had an inflatable Santa Claus with plastic
reindeer on the front lawn. And to make things even more jolly, there were so many blinking lights on
the house they induced neighbourhood-wide seizures.

Penny: So I take it you don’t want to help us trim the tree.
Sheldon: I do not. But if you insist on decorating a spider-infested fire hazard in my home I would
request that you add this.
Penny: What is it?
Sheldon: You’re kidding, right? It’s a bust of Sir Isaac Newton.
Penny: Oh, sure, sure, yeah. Very Christmassy.
Sheldon: Wait, excuse me, but it’s much more Christmassy than anything you’ve put on the tree.
Leonard: Here we go.
Sheldon: December 25, 1642, Julian calendar, Sir Isaac Newton is born. Jesus, on the other hand, was
actually born in the summer. His birthday was moved to coincide with a traditional pagan holiday that
celebrated the winter solstice with lit fires and slaughtered goats. Which, frankly, sounds like more
fun than 12 hours of church with my mother followed by a fruitcake.
Leonard: Merry Newton-mas, everyone.
Sheldon: I sense that’s not sincere, although I have no idea why.
Penny: No, it’s fine. Look, Sir Isaac can go right next to this little candy cane.
Sheldon: No. Isaac goes at the top of the tree.
Leonard: No, he doesn’t.
Sheldon: I understand. You dispute Newton’s claim that he invented calculus and you want to put
Gottfried Leibniz on the top.
Leonard: Yeah, you got me. I’m a Leibniz man.
Sheldon: Well, perhaps when your mother gets here, she’ll talk some sense into you.
Penny: What? Your… your mother’s coming? When?
Leonard: Tomorrow.
Penny: When were you going to tell me?
Leonard: Um, tomorrow?
Penny: Why were you keeping this a secret?
Leonard: Well, I just, I thought…
Sheldon: If I can interject here, obviously Leonard is concerned that his mother won’t approve of you
as his mate.

Penny: Why wouldn’t she approve of me? I’m adorable.
Leonard: You are, it’s just…
Sheldon: If I can interject again. Leonard comes from a remarkably high-achieving family, who have
all chosen high-achieving partners. He probably feels that it’s doubtful that his mother will be overly
impressed with his dating a woman whose most significant achievement is memorizing the
Cheesecake Factory menu.
Penny: Hey, it’s a big menu. There’s two pages just for desserts.
Leonard: I know. And those specials, they change every day.
Penny: Okay, you know what? It’s lame when I say it, it’s just ridiculous when you pile on.
Leonard: Okay, sorry.
Penny: So what did she say when you told her we were going out?
Leonard: Um…
Penny: You didn’t tell her we were going out, did you?
Leonard: Um…
Penny: Why not?
Leonard: Um…
Sheldon: Leonard, I’m no expert on meditation, but if you’re trying to calm yourself down, I believe
the word is Om.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Beverley: It was so nice of you to come all the way down to the airport to pick me up.
Sheldon: No trouble at all.
Leonard: I drove, Mother. I’m driving now.
Beverley: Yes, dear. Mommy’s proud. I’ve been meaning to thank you for your notes on my paper
disproving quantum brain dynamic theory.
Sheldon: My pleasure. For a non-physicist, you have a remarkable grasp of how electric dipoles in the
brain’s water molecules could not possibly form a Bose condensate.
Leonard: Wait, wait, wait. When did you send my mom notes on a paper?
Sheldon: August 16th. Right after her carpal tunnel surgery.
Beverley: Oh, did I thank you for the flowers?

Sheldon: You did.
Beverley: I don’t really like flowers.
Sheldon: Neither do I, but it’s the social convention.
Beverley: It is, isn’t it?
Leonard: Wait, wait, wait. You had surgery?
Beverley: Yes, and Sheldon sent me flowers.
Leonard: No, I heard that.
Beverley: Then what was all that wait, wait, wait about?
Leonard: I just don’t understand why he knows more about your life than I do.
Beverley: Well, I would assume it’s because Sheldon and I stay in touch due to mutual interest and
respect, while you avoid me, due to unresolved childhood issues.
Sheldon: It’s what we think caused your narcissistic personality disorder. We discussed it at length
during our last video chat. Although how we got onto the subject of you is baffling.
Beverley: Yes, but we are on the subject, so I’m obliged to ask, Leonard, how are you?
Leonard: Fine, Mom. How are you?
Beverley: Mmm, menopausal.
Leonard: Now I’m less fine.
Beverley: Have you heard your brother has gotten engaged?
Leonard: No. Sheldon, why didn’t you tell me?
Sheldon: My bad. I did send a gift from both of us.
Beverley: She’s a remarkable girl. The youngest appeals court judge in New Jersey and a two-time
Olympic bronze medallist.
Leonard: You must be very happy.
Beverley: Why? I’m not marrying her. So, how about you? Are you seeing anyone interesting?
Sheldon: Well, I’m not sure about interesting, but…
Leonard: Not the time, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Very well. Shall we switch topics to Isaac Newton v. Gottfried Leibniz?

Beverley: It’s all right, Sheldon. I will just pretend that Leonard’s not withholding information.
Although, I will point out, Leonard, that I am a trained psychiatrist and you are exhibiting the same
secretive behavioural tics that accompanied your learning to masturbate.
Sheldon: Isn’t she brilliant, Leonard? How I envy you.
Scene: The apartment.

Beverley: So, Howard, have you and Rajesh finally summoned the courage to express your latent
homosexual feelings toward one another?
Howard: What? No.
Beverley: Why not?
Howard: Because we don’t have latent homosexual feelings toward one another.
Beverley: I see.
Howard: No, really. I have a girlfriend now.
Beverley: And where is she this evening?
Howard: She had to go out of town. Her grandmother died.
Beverley: I see. Her grandmother died.
Howard: Honest to God. Leonard, tell her I have a girlfriend.
Leonard: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Howard: What do you mean you don’t know what I’m talking about? Tell her I have a girlfriend!
Leonard: All right. He “has” a “girlfriend.”
Howard: Her name is Bernadette, she’s working as a waitress, but she’s going to school to be a
microbiologist.
Beverley: Howard, keep in mind that the more passionately you stick to this construct, the more
you’re hurting your partner.
Howard (to Raj who has whispered to him): Do you really think your lips in my ear is helping?
Penny (arriving): Hi. Sorry I’m late.
Leonard: Oh, glad you’re here, uh, sit down, I’ll get you a plate. Mom, you remember Penny.
Beverley: Oh, yes, the waitress slash actress with the unresolved father issues. Has he finally come to
terms with his little slugger growing breasts?

Penny: Well, he sent me a football and a catcher’s mitt for Christmas, so I’m going to say no.
Howard: If it helps, we’re all good with your breasts.
Beverley: Classic overcompensation. Oh, speaking of fathers, Leonard, that reminds me, I’m
divorcing yours.
Leonard: What?
Beverley: Yes. He was cheating on me.
Leonard: No!
Beverley: Yes, with some waitress from the university cafeteria. Can you believe it? A waitress? Oh,
no offense, dear.
Penny: No, it sounded like a compliment.
Leonard: When did this happen?
Beverley: Mmm, well, let’s see. Sheldon, when did I leave Leonard’s father?
Sheldon: September 22nd.
Beverley: Oh, yes, that’s right. The weekend after Leonard’s dog died.
Leonard: Mitzy’s dead?
Sheldon: She was old and blind, Leonard. What choice did we have?
Leonard: I don’t believe this. Why am I the last to know?
Beverley: Excuse me, Leonard, I am the one who’s getting a divorce, Mitzy is the one who is dead.
Why are you the one making a fuss?
Leonard: You’re right. I’m-I’m-I’m-I’m sorry, I’m way out of line!
Beverley: So, Penny, what’s new in your life?
Penny: Nothing. Not a damn thing.
Scene: Penny’s car.
Beverley: Thank you for driving me back to my hotel.
Penny: Oh, it’s not a problem.
Beverley: I was going to ask Leonard to do it, but he seemed a bit emotionally unstable and you don’t
want someone like that operating heavy machinery.
Penny: No, you do not.

Beverley: Your check engine light is on.
Penny: Yeah, I gotta put a sticker over that. So, uh, you must be devastated about your divorce.
Beverley: Oh, not at all. But I am a bit distressed to be in a vehicle that’s not subjected to regular
maintenance.
Penny: Come on, I mean, you’re not upset that your marriage is over?
Beverley: Well, initially I felt something akin to grief and perhaps anger, but that’s the natural
reaction of the limbic system to being betrayed by a loathsome son of a bitch.
Penny: Sure, sure.
Beverley: Thankfully, my shock was somewhat mitigated by the fact that I haven’t had intercourse
with him in eight years.
Penny: Eight years?
Beverley: Oh, that’s nothing. I’ve been responsible for my own orgasms since 1982.
Penny: Yikes. What’s so funny?
Beverley: That’s exactly what I say during orgasms. Yikes.
Penny: You know what? I could use a drink. Do you want to stop for a drink?
Beverley: Oh, I don’t drink.
Penny: I do, I’ll teach you.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock)
Leonard?
Leonard: What is it?
Sheldon: I made tea.
Leonard: I don’t want tea.
Sheldon: I didn’t make tea for you. This is my tea.
Leonard: Then why are you telling me?
Sheldon: It’s a conversation starter.
Leonard: That’s a lousy conversation starter.
Sheldon: Oh, is it? We’re conversing. Checkmate.

Leonard: What do you want, Sheldon?
Sheldon: What I want is to be departing the Starship Enterprise in a one-man shuttle craft headed to
the planetoid I rule known as Sheldon Alpha Five.
Leonard: I want that too. Why are you here?
Sheldon: To comfort you, of course. No, that’s not going to work at all, I’ll comfort you from over
here. Leonard, what you’re experiencing is a classic Jungian crisis in which the aging individual
mourns the loss of the never-to-be realized ideal family unit.
Leonard: Thank you, that’s very comforting.
Sheldon: That’s not the comforting part.
Leonard: It’s not?
Sheldon: No, no. The comforting part is that the Germans have a term for what you’re feeling.
Weltschmerz. It means the depression that arises from comparing the world as it is to a hypothetical,
idealized world.
Leonard: You’re right, I do feel better.
Sheldon: Well, the Germans have always been a comforting people. Just remember, Leonard, where
your biological family has failed you, you always have me, your surrogate family.
Leonard: You’re my surrogate family?
Sheldon: If it’s any consolation, I’m not happy about it either. Good night.
Scene: A bar.

Penny: Okay, now this time try drinking it all at once.
Beverley: Yikes.
Penny: I’ve been responsible for my own buzz since 2003. Another round for me and my homegirl.
Beverley: I feel a spreading warmth through my extremities.
Penny: As long as you don’t feel it running down your pants, you’re fine.
Beverley: Oh, that is fascinating. I’m noticing an immediate lowering of my inhibitions. For example,
I’m seriously considering asking that busboy to ravish me in the alleyway while I eat cheesecake.
What do you think?
Penny: Well, we are known for our cheesecake. Hit us again.
Beverley: Yes. If a little is good, more must be better.

Penny: Hey, Bev, guess what?
Beverley: What?
Penny: I’m sleeping with your son.
Beverley: Really? Which one?
Penny: The one from whom I live across the hall from.
Beverley: Well, that’s convenient. How did his penis turn out?
Penny: Oh, Beverly, I can’t talk to my boyfriend’s mother about his penis.
Beverley: Oh, fair enough. What can you tell me, if anything, about that busboy’s penis?
Penny: Actually, I’ve only had the cheesecake. One more time. You know, Leonard did not want to
tell you we were dating.
Beverley: Really? Well, that means he’s either embarrassed about the relationship or he doesn’t care
enough about his mother to tell her he’s in one. Either way, one of us should be insulted.
Penny: Well, let’s go find out who.
Beverley: You go get a taxi. I’m gonna slip my business card into that busboy’s back pocket, cupping
his firm, right buttock as I do so.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Leonard?
Beverley: Sonny boy!
Penny: Get out here! Your mommy wants to talk to you!
Leonard: What the hell is going on?
Penny: You’re in trouble.
Beverley: Why didn’t you tell me you were tapping my homegirl? Did I say that right?
Penny: Yeah, not bad, not bad.
Leonard: Are you guys drunk?
Beverley: Well, I hope so. Otherwise, why would we have stopped at Del Taco? Now, how could you
not tell me you were in a relationship with this lovely, charming young woman?
Penny: Oh, thank you.
Beverley: You’re welcome. Is it because she’s uneducated, trapped in a menial service position?

Penny: What the hell happened to lovely and charming?
Leonard: How come you didn’t tell me that you and Father were getting a divorce? How come you
didn’t tell me you had surgery? How come you didn’t tell me my dog died?
Beverley: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What I hear you saying is that you want a more intimate
mother-son relationship.
Leonard: I do.
Beverley (gives him an uncomfortable hug): There. It’s late. Now, go to bed. I’m getting a warm
feeling spreading through my heart.
Penny: That’s the Del Taco.
Sheldon: Why is Leonard softly banging his head against his bedroom door?
Beverley: Speaking of warm feelings, come here. (She grabs Sheldon and kisses him) No, I’d rather
have the busboy.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Beverley: Thank you for taking me to the airport.
Sheldon: You’re very welcome.
Leonard: Once again, I’m driving. I’m right here.
Beverley: Please, I am very hungover and in no mood to satisfy your need for approval. Sheldon, I do
hope you’ll forgive me for my inappropriate behaviour last night.
Sheldon: I don’t blame you. You were intoxicated.
Beverley: Thank you.
Sheldon: I blame Penny.
Penny: I blame Penny, too. Bad Penny.
Leonard: Wait a minute, what are you talking about? What inappropriate behaviour?
Beverley: I think it’s best that you not know.
Sheldon: Agreed.
Penny: Agreed.
Leonard: What the hell, agreed.
Beverley: And I want you to take very good care of this young woman.

Penny: Oh, thank you, Beverly.
Beverley: You’re welcome. She doesn’t have much in the way of career prospects, don’t make her
responsible for her own orgasms as well.
Leonard: Mother, remember when I was complaining that you don’t communicate with me enough?
Beverley: Yes, dear.
Leonard: I’m over it.
Penny (finishing Deck the Halls): Fa-la-la-la-la, la-la la-la.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 12
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Look at us. Getting ready for a double date with actual women who publicly acknowledge
they’re our girlfriends.
Howard: Yes, actual women are the best.
Sheldon: I don’t understand. What other kind of women are there?
Leonard: Howard, artificial women are your department. You want to take this?
Howard: No, it would just freak him out. Listen, before we leave, I should warn you, I’m a passionate
man and I tend towards public displays of affection.
Leonard: What are you trying to tell me, Howard?
Howard: There might be some making out in the car or the restaurant, and I don’t want Bernadette to
feel uncomfortable, so it would help if you and Penny made out, too.
Leonard: Don’t worry. We’re planning to have sex right on the salad bar.
Raj (arriving): Namaste, white people. Good news! I rented us the four-hour edition of Watchmen.
Leonard: Got it.
Howard: Seen it.
Sheldon: Detailed analysis posted online.
Raj: Well, then what are we going to do tonight?
Leonard: Uh, sorry, Raj. Howard and I are going out to dinner with Penny and Bernadette.
Howard: Yeah, no more carefree bachelor nights for me and Leonard. These broncos have been
saddled.
Leonard: How did we get actual women?
Raj: Great. They get girlfriends, and they just abandon us?
Sheldon: It is great, isn’t it? We have a wonderful evening ahead of us.
Raj: We do?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. I just discovered I don’t have enough room on my hard drive for a Linux partition,
so you and I are going to perform a full backup, reinitialize and then reinstall all my operating systems.

Raj: I don’t want to do that.
Sheldon: All right. Well, I’m going to perform full backup, reinitialize and then reinstall all my
operating systems.
Raj: What about me?
Sheldon: Well, I understand there are several types of artificial women. Maybe you should look into
that.
Credits sequence.
Scene: A little later.
Raj: Dude, there’s so many cool things we could be doing tonight. Look. At the Glendale Galleria, put
on your best zoot suit, it’s a salute to Swing music in the center court near Macy’s. 5pm to 9pm, huh,
huh? A salute to zoot. Sounds like a hoot.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, Raj, I have no desire to salute any article of clothing tonight. Much less one that’s
linked to race riots in the 1940s.
Raj: Race riots?
Sheldon: The zoot suit riots.
Raj: Oh. I always thought that was some sort of after-Christmas sale. Well, then why don’t we just go
to the galleria and walk around?
Sheldon: I don’t need anything at the Galleria. Do you need anything at the Galleria?
Raj: No. We would just walk around and see what’s what.
Sheldon: That’s a semantically null sentence.
Raj: Okay, well, how about this? From the university Web site, 7pm to 10pm, Norton Hall
Multipurpose Room, mixer for grad students and faculty of the science and humanities departments.
Whether you split atoms or infinitives, this is the place to be.
Sheldon: Well, that’s certainly amusing, but I have no interest.
Raj: Come on, Sheldon, the world is filled with people doing things outside. Let’s go outside. Outside
is good.
Sheldon: If outside is so good, why has mankind spent thousands of years trying to perfect inside?
Raj: I don’t know, it’s a marketing scheme. Please, Sheldon, I’m a young, virile visitor from a foreign
land and I need to strut my stuff.
Sheldon: Let me offer you a compromise. Sometimes when I feel stifled and want a change of scenery,
I use my imagination.
Raj: Oh, boy.

Sheldon: One of my favourite places to visit is the two-dimensional world described in Edwin
Abbott’s mathematical fantasy, Flatland.
Raj: I don’t want to go to Flatland.
Sheldon: You’re only saying that because you haven’t been there. I am now a hexagon in twodimensional space and can only perceive the edges of other objects.
Raj: Oy.
Sheldon: Is that you, Raj? I don’t recognize your edge.
Raj: Sheldon, I’m begging you. I want to go to this mixer, and I don’t want to go alone.
Sheldon: Well, you’re in luck, there’s a mixer here in Flatland. Oh, look, there’s a sexually attractive
line segment, you should chat her up.
Raj: What?
Sheldon: Tell her you’re a circle, Flatland gals are all hot for circles.
Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: I hope you’re hungry, Bernadette, we’re going to a terrific restaurant.
Bernadette: Oh, yeah, I’m starved. When you spend all day in a bio-lab, watching flesh-eating
bacteria skeletonize small rodents it really works up an appetite.
Howard: Flesh-eating bacteria. And yet, I still want to kiss this woman, what does that tell you?
Penny: That you’d be willing to die a horrible death on the off-chance you’d get to second base?
Bernadette: Oh, we’re way past second base. Right, Howard?
Howard: Well, we kind of disagree about what the bases are.
Bernadette: How’s your work going, Penny? Any acting jobs?
Penny: Well, the last big thing I did was this production of Diary of Anne Frank above a bowling
alley. But I think things might be turning around pretty soon.
Leonard: Great. How come?
Penny: Well, promise you won’t make fun of me.
Leonard: Of course, I would never make fun of you.
Penny: Okay. Well, I went to this psychic who told me that if I cut my hair, I’m going to get a
national commercial.
Leonard (laughing): Seriously? You’re getting career advice from a psychic?

Howard: Good job not making fun of her.
Penny: She’s not one of those phonies, okay. She wrote a book and has her own Web site.
Leonard: Oh, gee, why didn’t you say so? They don’t let just anyone have a Web site.
Penny: Why are you being such a jerk?
Leonard: You’re surprised? Your psychic didn’t tell you I was going to be a jerk?
Penny: Ha-ha, bite me.
Leonard: Come on, Penny.
Howard: Why don’t you kids go ahead and chat? We’re gonna make out back here.
Bernadette: I’m sliding into third.
Scene: The university mixer.
Raj: Thanks for coming with me.
Sheldon: Thanks for giving me your limited edition Green Lantern lantern.
Raj: Did you really have to bring it in with you?
Sheldon: What if evil strikes and my power ring runs low?
Raj: Come on, let’s get a drink.
Sheldon: I don’t drink.
Raj: Yeah, well I do. And when my wingman is carrying a Green Lantern lantern, I drink a lot. I’ll
have a screwdriver, please. Don’t be chintzy with the screw.
Sheldon: I would like a root beer float.
Raj: Sheldon, they don’t have ice cream.
Sheldon: They don’t? Well, apparently, these people and I differ greatly on the definition of party.
Raj: He’ll have a Shirley Temple.
Sheldon: And don’t be chintzy with the Shirley.
Raj: Okay, let’s check out the females.
Sheldon: All right. There’s a female.
Raj: That’s Professor Wilkinson’s wife, she’s like 80 years old.

Sheldon: But she’s female. Isn’t that the game?
Raj: No. I’m looking for a hookup.
Sheldon: Oh, yes. So, the point of this exercise is for you to find someone to copulate with?
Raj: Not so loud, but ideally, yes. Thanks.
Sheldon: Thank you. And what is my function as wingman?
Raj: You help me run my game.
Sheldon: Okay. What is your game?
Sheldon: When I lie through my teeth to a woman, you nod and agree.
Girl: Hey, that’s pretty cool. What is it?
Sheldon: It’s a limited edition Green Lantern lantern. My friend is looking for someone to copulate
with.
Girl: You’re very funny. I’m Abby.
Sheldon: I’m Sheldon. How do you do?
Raj: How do you do? Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali. Call me Raj.
Abby: Hi, Raj. Where are you from?
Raj: The mysterious subcontinent of India.
Abby: Ooh, India.
Raj: You know India?
Abby: I saw Slumdog Millionaire.
Raj: Well, I’m a slumdog astrophysicist.
Sheldon: I thought your father was a gynaecologist. I’m sorry. (Smiles and nods)
Abby: Martha, come here. Meet Raj and Sheldon. This is my friend, Martha.
Martha: Hi.
Raj: Hello.
Sheldon: Hello.
Martha: Is that the limited edition Green Lantern lantern?

Sheldon: In brightest day, in darkest night, no evil shall escape my sight.
Martha: Oh, that is so awesome.
Sheldon: Thank you. Have you chosen one to copulate with?
Scene: A restaurant.
Bernadette: So, what should we talk about?
Howard: Well, we could always learn more about why people who believe in psychics are idiots.
Leonard?
Penny: Oh, we don’t need to talk about that anymore. Leonard covered it pretty well in the car.
Leonard: I’m sorry, but facts are facts.
Penny: Right, and if you can’t understand it, it’s not a fact.
Leonard: No, if it’s not a fact, it’s not a fact.
Penny: Oh, got it. Thank you for educating me.
Leonard: You’re welcome. How’s your fish?
Penny: Amazing. Would you like to try some?
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Penny: Well, the fact is, you can’t.
Leonard: Come on, Howard, Bernadette, you’re both scientists. Help me out here.
Howard: What do you think? Want to jump right into the middle of another couple’s argument?
Bernadette: No, thank you.
Howard: Sorry.
Leonard: Maybe we should just stop talking about this.
Penny: Maybe some of us should stop talking altogether.
Waiter: How is everything tonight?
Bernadette: Really uncomfortable.
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: You know, the best thing about being in a committed, monogamous, mutually supportive
relationship is that even if you have different ideas, you can have a spirited debate, yet still care for,

even make love with… (she shuts the door in his face) Want your fish? (Opens door, takes fish, closes
it again) I knew you were going to do that. Doesn’t make me psychic! Attaboy, Leonard, make it
worse. (Opens his own apartment door to find Sheldon, Raj and the two girls playing Rock Band and
performing American Woman)
Leonard: What’s going on?
Sheldon: We scored. I’m the wingman.

Scene: Leonard’s lab.
Howard: Hey.
Leonard (handing him protective glasses): Laser.
Howard: Had a great night last night. I don’t like to kiss and tell, but somebody made it to eighth base.
Leonard: What the hell is eighth base?
Howard: Seventh base with shirt off. Well, my shirt. How’d things go with Penny?
Leonard: Oh, couldn’t be better.
Howard: Are we taking our relationship frustrations out on innocent Cylons?
Leonard: It’s not just Cylons. Superman’s next.
Howard: All right, I was going to try to squeeze in a little more mocking before lunch, but I can come
back later when you don’t have a high-powered weapon.
Leonard: How can I go out with a woman who believes in psychics?
Howard: Hey, I once dated a girl who believed she was abducted by aliens.
Leonard: And that didn’t bother you?
Howard: Au contraire. It meant she was gullible and open to a little probing.
Leonard: What am I supposed to do, pretend I believe something I don’t whenever I’m with Penny?
Howard: Hey, I’m sure Penny fakes all kinds of things when she’s with you.
Leonard: Do me a favour, lean over, put your head right here.
Howard: Let me show you another way to look at this. Here we have the universe of all women.
These are the ones you want to sleep with. These are the women who believe exactly what you
believe. These are the women who would be willing to sleep with you. And right there in the

little triple intersection is your ideal mate. Odds are she’s a short physicist with low self-esteem who
lives in a government research facility in China.
Leonard: What’s your point? In order to keep having a sexual relationship with Penny, I have to give
up everything I believe in, my intellectual integrity, the very nature of who I am? I can’t do that,
Howard.
Howard: I respect that. (Takes Leonard’s hand, draws a dot on it.)
Leonard: What is that?
Howard: Your new girlfriend. Have fun tonight.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is learning Finnish.
Sheldon: The dog… koira. The roof… katto. Grapes… ryp leet. (There is a knock on the door) One
minute. Sis n.
Raj: What was that?
Sheldon: It means come in. It’s taking forever to load the new operating system on my computer. I
disinfected the kitchen and the bathroom, and now I thought I’d learn Finnish.
Raj:
र
. That’s Hindi for whatever floats your boat. Uh, listen, I got a text from
that girl Abby, and she and her friend Martha want to hang out with us again. What do you say?
Sheldon: I don’t say anything. I merely offer you a facial expression that suggests you’ve gone insane.
Raj: I don’t get it. You had a great time.
Sheldon: Yes, exactly, I had a great time. That’s done, I’ve moved on to other things. For example,
after I learn Finnish, I’m not going to learn Finnish again.
Raj: Please, Sheldon, I’m a lost Indian boy far from home, and I want a girlfriend and I want her to be
Abby, and she’ll only come over if she can bring Martha.
Sheldon: Raj, I highly doubt there is any argument you can make, threat you might levy, rhetorical
strategy, plea, invocation, supplication, or… vetoomus that you can employ that would convince me
to reconsider.
Raj: My Incredible Hulk hands signed by Stan Lee.
Sheldon: Oh, my. I’ve admired these for years.
Raj: So does that mean we can go with the girls again?
Sheldon: Hulk agree to second date with puny humans!
Raj: You can’t wear the hands on the date.
Sheldon: Hulk sad.

Scene: The laundry room.
Leonard: Hey. Cleaning out the old dryer lint, huh? Not only is it courteous, it’s safety smart. Every
year, 15,000 fires are caused by accidental dryer lint ignition. Now you’re supposed to say, wow,
what an interesting fact. Come here, you crazy, nerdy guy. I could never be mad at you.
Penny: Wow, that’s all you got after you were the most obnoxious person on a double date that
included Howard Wolowitz?
Leonard: No, I’m sorry. I really am. It’s not right to mock what a person believes in.
Penny: Thank you. Would you be willing to go to my psychic and see what it’s all about?
Leonard: Would you be willing to read a book that concisely explains how all psychics are frauds?
Penny: I would not.
Leonard: Okay, let’s go see your psychic.
Penny: Really?
Leonard: Well, yeah, one of us has to keep an open mind.
Penny: You saying I don’t have an open mind?
Leonard: No, not at all. Let me help you with this stuff.
Penny: You know, I believe in ghosts, too.
Leonard: Great.
Penny: And astrology.
Leonard: I know, and pyramid power and healing crystals.
Penny: Oh, no, no, no, crystals don’t work.
Leonard: Really, that’s the line? Psychics are real, but crystals are voodoo?
Penny: Oh, voodoo’s real. You don’t want to mess with voodoo.
Scene: The apartment.
Martha: Flatland is more than just a mathematical essay. It is also a treatise on Victorian social mores.
Sheldon: You know, I had never considered that. Wow, that’s going to completely change my visits
there. Well, it’s late.
Martha: Uh-huh.
Sheldon: Time for bed.

Martha: Okay.
Sheldon: Good night, puny human! (He gets up and leaves).
Scene: Outside Sheldon’s bedroom.
Martha: Sheldon?
Sheldon: Yes?
Martha: Listen, they’re kind of getting busy in the living room, and I was wondering if I could hang
out in here for a while.
Sheldon: Well, I suppose. Come in. I’ll sleep in Leonard’s room. Good night.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 13
Scene: A Chinese restaurant.
Howard: Boy, seems like forever since the four of us have been out to eat, you know? Just the guys.
Raj: Oh, God! Yes, we get it. You have a girlfriend now.
Howard: A little jealous, are we?
Raj: No, I’m not jealous. All right, I’d kill a hobo if it’ll get me laid. Now, can we order?
Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord, they re-did the menu.
Leonard: So what? It’s the same food.
Sheldon: Oh, is it? Look at this. General Tso’s Chicken is no longer listed under specialties. It’s now
under chicken.
Raj: So?
Sheldon: Yes, General Tso.
Raj: Not Tso the chicken, so the question. So?
Sheldon: So, why is it no longer a specialty? Did the chef lose confidence in the dish or himself? And
look over here, shrimp in mobster sauce. What is mobster sauce?
Leonard: It’s obviously a typo.
Sheldon: Perhaps. Perhaps this restaurant’s now a front for organized crime. For all we know, the
mobster sauce contains actual chunks of deceased mobsters.
Raj: No, no, no, no, I think it just means it’s the kind of sauce that mobsters like.
Howard: It doesn’t mean any of that! It’s a typo.
Leonard: You know what? Let’s just get a pizza.
Sheldon: Good idea. We’ll go to Corleone’s.
Howard: Sure, no mobsters there.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: You know, the more I think about it, the mobster sauce couldn’t possibly contain chunks of
mobster.

Leonard: And why is that?
Sheldon: It was listed under seafood.
Leonard: What if they were mobsters who slept with the fishes?
Sheldon: Leonard, are we having a serious conversation or not?
Leonard (noticing their door has been broken open): What the…?
Sheldon: The TV is gone.
Leonard: So are our laptops.
Sheldon: Oh God, oh God, oh, God! It’s all right. They didn’t take my comic books.
Credits sequence.

Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: They took our TV, two laptops, four external hard-drives, our PS2, our PS3, our X-Box, our
X-Box 360, our classic Nintendo, our Super Nintendo, our Nintendo 64 and our Wii.
Leonard: We like games.
Sheldon: Right, games. They took Halo 1, Halo 2, Halo 3, Call of Duty 1, Call of Duty 2, Call of Duty
3, Rock Band, Rock Band 2, Final Fantasy 1 thru 9, The Legend of Zelda, The Legend of Zelda:
Ocarina of Time, The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, Super Mario Brothers, Super Mario Galaxy,
Mario and Sonic at the Winter Olympics and Ms. Pacman.
Policeman: Assorted video games.
Sheldon: When does the CSI team get here?
Policeman: What?
Sheldon: In anticipation of their arrival, I’ve bagged some evidence. One of the thieves had the
audacity to quench his thirst while ransacking our home. You should be able to pull some good prints
off this. And now, here are my prints so you can rule me out as a suspect.
Leonard: What about me?
Sheldon: I’m sorry, Leonard. It’s too early to discount the possibility of this being an inside job.
Leonard: Would I be completely out of line to ask you to shoot him?
Policeman: I’d be happy to put him under a 72-hour psychiatric hold.
Sheldon: I’m not crazy. My mother had me tested.

Policeman: We’re done here. Call this number, and we’ll fax you a copy of the report so you can
submit it to your insurance company.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, that’s the end of your inquiry?
Policeman: Do you have any more information that might be relevant?
Sheldon: Oh, my goodness. Where do I begin? For instance, my laptop contained four out of the five
gedanken experiments necessary for a cogent restatement of the quantum measurement problem.
Leonard: How is that going to help them?
Sheldon: Well, they could monitor scientific publications and see if anyone posts such a cogent
restatement in the next couple of months. If so, the authors are most likely in possession of my stolen
laptop.
Policeman: Good night, fellas. Come on, Bochco.
Leonard: What are we supposed to do now?
Sheldon: The only thing we can do. Watch TV on our phones until the criminals return and bludgeon
us to death in our sleep.
Leonard: Does that mean you’ve ruled me out as a suspect?
Sheldon: Oh, how I wish I could.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. Sheldon is restless. He gets up and checks the door is locked. He then
moves his chest of drawers in front of the door. Goes back to bed.

Sheldon: I do not have to urinate. I am the master of my own bladder. Drat.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: I can’t believe it. If I hadn’t been working the dinner shift, I would’ve run
right into the robbers.
Leonard: Hey, there’s no reason for you to be scared.
Penny: I’m not scared. I would’ve gone all Nebraska on their asses.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
Leonard: Hand me the bat.
Sheldon: We just had a major crime in the building, and you open the door without asking who it is?

Penny: It won’t happen again, what’s up?
Sheldon: Nothing. Just wanted to see if you were both okay.
Leonard: We’re fine, Sheldon.
Sheldon: All right, then. Good night.
Penny: Good night. That was weird, even for him.
Leonard: Mm-hmm.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
Penny: Who is it?
Sheldon: Sheldon. Sheldon Cooper.
Penny: Yes?
Sheldon: May I come in?
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: I see you’re drinking wine.
Leonard: Yes, we are. And we’re about to go to bed.
Sheldon: Uh-huh.
Penny: Sheldon, do you want to sleep here tonight?
Sheldon: Oh, as small as Leonard is, I don’t think the two of you’d be comfortable on the couch.
Leonard: What do you want?
Sheldon: It’s not what I want, it’s what evolution wants. Human beings are primates. Primates have
evolved to live in groups, both for protection and support.
Leonard: But you don’t like other people.
Sheldon: I do tonight. It’s scary over there.
Leonard: It’s getting scary here, too.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is drawing picture clues on his whiteboard.
Penny: Um… three little kittens? Three little pigs? God, I don’t know. Star Wars?
Leonard: Did we win? Can we go to bed?

Sheldon: Good Lord, I could not have made this easier. Hydrogen atom, H, plus pigs minus pea,
Higgs. Bow, General Zod trapped in the Phantom Zone. Bow-zone. Pear. Tickle. Pear-tickle. Higgs
Boson Particle. How could you not get that?
Leonard: He’s right, Penny. It’s all there.
Penny: Look, Sheldon, sweetie, I know you’re feeling insecure, but we’ve really got to go to sleep.
Sheldon: All right. I’ll take the first watch and wake you at 0400.
Leonard: Great. Good night.
Penny: Wait, wait, what’s 0400?
Leonard: 4am.
Penny: That’s, like, in 45 minutes.
Leonard: Just keep walking. (Sheldon checks door then puts TV on his phone)
Woman on TV: It’s quiet out there.
Man on TV: Maybe a little too quiet.
Woman on TV: Where are you going?
Man on TV: Just gonna take a look around outside.
Sheldon: Bad idea.
Woman on TV: No, Jim, don’t open the door!
Sheldon: Listen to her, Jim.
Man on TV: Don’t worry, there’s no one out here. (Sound of woman screaming. Sheldon nods, and
turns off TV. Walks down to Leonard’s room.)
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny! (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny!
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny!
Leonard: Who is it?
Scene: Outside the apartment.
Howard: All right, we’ve got a titanium dead bolt and a reinforced jamb controlled by a state-of-theart electronic access system.
Sheldon: What if they cut the power?
Raj: There’s a 200-watt uninterruptible backup power supply.

Sheldon: What if someone steals my keys?
Raj: There are independent voice and fingerprint scanners.
Sheldon: What if someone kidnaps me, forces me to record my voice, and then cuts off my thumb?
Leonard: I’ll send them a basket of muffins.
Howard: Now, inside, we’ve got motion detectors, infrared sensors, and cameras connected to a
server running state-of-the-art facial recognition software.
Leonard: Where did you get all this stuff?
Howard: I got a buddy over at the Department of Defence.
Leonard: He just gave it to you?
Howard: I’m sure he would have if I had asked. Ironically, their security isn’t all that good.
Penny (entering): Raj, your car is blocking me… (A wire net falls on her, while a computer voice
repeats the words “Intruder Alert”) What the hell?
Leonard: Sorry, let me help you.
Sheldon: Wonderful security system if we’re attacked by a school of tuna.
Howard: Don’t worry, the net’s going to be electrified. Picture her on the floor, spasming
uncontrollably.
Sheldon: Better.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Sheldon: Sheldon’s journal. Security system in place. However, sleep continues to elude me. I’ve seen
the underbelly of Pasadena, this so-called City of Roses, and it haunts me. Ah, the injustice, I lie here
awake, tormented, while out there evil lurks, probably playing Donkey Kong on my classic Nintendo.
(Hears a noise. Goes to check, then panics and climbs out window onto ledge.) Oh, dear. I am the
master of my own bladder. (Crawls along to Leonard’s window, where Leonard and Penny are inside
being intimate. Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
Penny: Oh, my…
Leonard: God, Sheldon. What the hell are you doing out there?
Sheldon: I heard a noise.
Leonard: It was us. We knocked over a lamp.
Sheldon: Why would you knock over a lamp?

Leonard: We were going to have…
Penny: He doesn’t need to know what we were doing, Leonard.
Sheldon: Oh! No, she’s right, I don’t need to know what you were doing. Carry on. (Starts to climb
back out of window)
Leonard: What are you doing? Use the door.
Sheldon: Good thinking. Perhaps I’ll check the perimeter and make some warm milk.
Leonard: Great, you do that.
Sheldon: Would you like me to bring you some warm milk?
Leonard: I’m lactose intolerant.
Sheldon: And you don’t wish to alarm me with any more loud noises, very thoughtful. Warm milk,
Penny?
Penny: No, thanks.
Sheldon: Fine. Good night to you, sir. Miss.
Leonard: Sorry about that.
Penny: Ugh, what can you do? Here. (From outside there is the sound of the net falling and computer
voice saying “Intruder alert.” Then Sheldon screaming. They run out to find Sheldon convulsing
under the net.)
Leonard: Looks like Wolowitz got the net electrified.
Penny: Sheldon, are you okay?
Sheldon: I’m fine. Although I’m no longer the master of my own bladder.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: My new computer came with Windows 7. Windows 7 is much more user-friendly than
Windows Vista. I don’t like that.
Leonard: Don’t you think looking for a new city to live in is a bit of an overreaction?
Sheldon: Our apartment was broken into, our security system tried to kill me, and as a result, I’m
leaving Pasadena forever. Tell me how that’s overreacting.
Penny: Come on, Sheldon, you can’t move. Don’t you need to stay in one place so the mother ship
can find you when it returns?

Sheldon: Oh, if that were only true. Unfortunately, as I’m earthbound for the foreseeable future, I
need to find a location that’s more hospitable than the mean streets of Pasadena. Like Enid, Oklahoma.
Low crime rate and high-speed Internet connectivity, but no model train shops. Sorry, Enid.
Penny: Is he quitting his job at the university?
Leonard: Oh, no, he’s going to telecommute. Everybody’s really excited about it.
Sheldon: All right. Boone, North Carolina. Every summer since 1952, Boone has hosted an outdoor
amphitheater portrayal of the life and times of its namesake, Dan’l Boone. Sounds like something that
would attract the wrong crowd. Penny, you’re from Nebraska, correct?
Penny: Born and raised. (Sheldon crosses Nebraska off his map)
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. Sheldon is packing.
Sheldon: It will take me a few days to get settled. After I do, I will e-mail you detailed PDFs
containing diagrams and instructions that will guide you through packing and shipping the rest of my
possessions to Bozeman, Montana. In the meantime, please forward my mail.
Leonard: Any place specific or just the Bozeman, Montana Loony Bin?
Sheldon: I sense you’re making a joke, but Bozeman does have a comedy club called The Loony Bin,
so do not forward my mail there.
Howard: Oh, come on. So you were the victim of a crime. That’s part of life. When my greatgrandfather first came to this country, he put all his hopes and dreams into this little butcher shop he
ran on the Lower East Side of New York. You know what happened? Every customer who walked
into that butcher shop and asked for a pound of liver, got ripped off. But, those people moved on, and
so should you.
Sheldon: I am moving on. I’m going to be a Bozite.
Leonard: They call themselves Bozites?
Sheldon: They should. It’s one of the first things I plan to bring up upon arrival.
Penny: Sheldon, I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I’m going to miss you.
Sheldon: Please, Penny, as you know, I’m not comfortable with prolonged good-byes and maudlin
displays of emotion, so I prepared a short video.
Sheldon on laptop screen: Greetings. As you know, I’m not comfortable with prolonged good-byes
and maudlin displays of emotion, so I prepared this short video. The four of you are three of my
closest friends and one treasured acquaintance. Though I cannot state categorically that my life will be
diminished by not having you in it, I am comfortable if you choose to believe that. Since you intend to
remain in this lawless metropolitan area, statistics suggest that you will succumb to tragic and
gruesome ends before we meet again. Live long and prosper.
Penny: Sheldon, that’s so… (Turns to find he has gone.)
Sheldon (entering again): You might want to lock the door behind me. This isn’t Bozeman.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): How the hell do I know who’s the friend and who’s the
acquaintance?
Scene: Bozeman, Montana bus depot.
Sheldon: That is a bracing cold, an invigorating cold. Lord, is it cold!
Man: Help you with your bags, sir?
Sheldon: Thank you, fellow Bozite. And may I say, you are the living embodiment of all the promises
made by our lovely town’s Chamber of Commerce. (Man picks up bags and starts running.) Wait!
Wait! Excuse me! (At ticket desk) One ticket to Pasadena, California, please.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon enters.
Howard: Hey, look who’s back!
Sheldon: Interesting. The acquaintance is the first to greet me.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 14
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is stood in the middle of the room. His whiteboard is behind him.
Every few moments he turns round suddently.
Penny: Whatcha doing?
Sheldon: I’m attempting to view my work as a fleeting peripheral image so as to engage the superior
colliculus of my brain.
Penny: Interesting. I usually just have coffee. You’ve been up all night?
Sheldon: Is it morning?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Then I’ve been up all night.
Penny: And you’re stuck?
Sheldon: Why else would a person try to engage their superior colliculus?
Penny: Oh, sorry, sweetie, I can’t help you till I’ve had my coffee.
Leonard: Penny, I told you if you don’t put him in his crate at night he just runs around the apartment.
Penny: What is he doing now?
Leonard: Mmm, he’s either isolating the terms of his formula and examining them individually, or
looking for the alligator that swallowed his hand after Peter Pan cut it off.
Sheldon: Captain Hook’s hand was eaten by a crocodile, not an alligator. If you’re going to mock me,
at least get your facts straight.
Leonard: Aye, aye, Captain.
Sheldon: I can’t see it! It just won’t coalesce.
Leonard: Maybe you need a fresh start.
Sheldon: You’re right. (Takes whiteboard to window and throws it out. Picks up a new one) It’s a
great idea, Leonard. Thank you.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Sheldon: Electrons move through graphene, act as if they have no mass…

Howard: How long has he been stuck?
Leonard: Intellectually about 30 hours. Emotionally about 29 years.
Sheldon: Unit cell contains two carbon atoms. Interior angle of a hexagon is 120 degrees.
Howard: Have you tried rebooting him?
Leonard: No, I think it’s a firmware problem.
Raj (arriving): Hey, it’s Disco Night at the Moonlight Roller Rink in Glendale tonight. Who’s up for
getting down?
Howard: Oh, that’s perfect. Bernadette’s been hocking me to take her roller skating.
Leonard: I think Penny likes to skate. The four of us could double.
Howard: What could be better? We’re in.
Raj: Great. It’s not like I brought it up because I wanted to go.
Howard: You can come with us.
Raj: No, it’s okay. I don’t have to go. I’m happy just to guide you and your ladies to suitable
entertainment choices. I’m a walking brown Yelp.com.
Sheldon: Structure, constant structure. One atom…
Howard: Boy, he’s really gone, isn’t he?
Leonard: Yeah, this morning he used a stick of butter as deodorant.
Howard: I thought I smelled popcorn.
Sheldon: Pattern is the same as fermions, travels on the pathways, hexagonal, it’s always hexagonal…
Leonard: I haven’t seen him this stuck since he tried to figure out the third Matrix movie.
Raj (as Sheldon reaches out and grabs from his plate): Hey, those are my lima beans!
Sheldon: Not lima beans, carbon atoms.
Raj: But if I don’t eat my lima beans, I can’t have my cookie.
Leonard: Here, you want my peas?
Sheldon: Peas! Perfect, they can be electrons.
Howard: Want my corn?
Sheldon: Don’t be ridiculous. What would I do with corn?

Leonard: So roller skating, should we all grab a bite to eat first?
Howard: Good. P.F. Chang’s? My mom has coupons.
Leonard: Great. Your mom’s not coming, right?
Howard: Not this time, I promise.
Raj: Okay, just to be clear, roller skating was my idea, and I’m very unhappy that you turned it into a
double date, and I hope you both fall on your asses and break your coccyxes.
Sheldon: The plural of coccyx is coccyges.
Raj: Screw you. Give me back my lima beans.
Scene: The stairwell.
Bernadette: Oh, my God, have you ever been so embarrassed?
Penny: Not recently.
Bernadette: I don’t know which was lamer, their roller-skating or their disco dancing.
Penny: For me, the worst part was when people saw us leave with them.
Leonard: You had some nice moves out there, Howard.
Howard: Thanks. You, too.
Leonard: Yeah. Did you notice all the people looking at us?
Howard: Not really. I was in my boogie zone.
Bernadette: When Howard tried to do the splits…
Penny: Shh.
Leonard: Sorry. I’m moving a little slow. I think I bruised my coccyx.
Penny: Oh, poor baby.
Leonard: Don’t tell Koothrappali. After you.
Penny: Oh, what a gentleman. Hey, Sheldon. (Steps on marbles which are all over the floor, screams
and falls)
Leonard: Oh, my God! Are you… (falls as well)
Sheldon: Good Lord! You’re ruining everything!
Penny: Oh, damn.

Leonard: Are you okay?
Penny: Do I look okay?
Leonard: Don’t bark at me. I fell, too.
Penny: Oh, you’ve been falling all night. You’re used to it.
Howard: Sheldon, what the hell are you doing?
Sheldon: The same thing I’ve been doing for three days. Trying to figure out why electrons behave as
if they have no mass when travelling through a graphene sheet.
Bernadette: With marbles?
Sheldon: Well, I needed something bigger than peas, now, didn’t I?
Bernadette: Sheldon, when was the last time you got any sleep?
Sheldon: I don’t know, two, three days. Not important. I don’t need sleep, I need answers. I need to
determine where in this swamp of unbalanced formulas squatteth the toad of truth.
Penny: Toad of truth? Is that a physics thing?
Leonard: No, that’s a crazy thing.
Bernadette: Okay, Sheldon. What happens to our neuroreceptors when we don’t get enough REM
sleep?
Sheldon: They lose their sensitivity to serotonin and norepinephrine.
Bernadette: Which leads to…?
Sheldon: Impaired cognitive function.
Bernadette: Right, so march in there, brush your teeth and go to bed.
Sheldon: But I don’t want to go to bed.
Bernadette: I’m going to count to three. One…
Sheldon: Oh, all right.
Leonard: That was amazing how you handled him.
Bernadette: I know how to deal with stubborn children. My mother used to run an illegal day care
centre in our basement.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom.

Penny: Leonard, you’re… you’re giggling in your sleep.
Leonard: It’s not me, it’s my new ringtone. The Joker from Batman.
Penny: Well, it creeps me out.
Leonard: Me, too, but I paid three bucks for it.
Penny: Just answer the phone.
Leonard: Hello. Yeah, I’m Leonard Hofstadter. Yeah, yeah, he’s my roommate. Oh, God, is he okay?
Yeah, alright, alright, I’ll be right there.
Penny: What happened?
Leonard: Sheldon’s escaped and is terrorizing the village.
Penny: Okay. Have fun.
Scene: A children’s play area.
Leonard: Hi. I’m Dr. Hofstadter. Where is he?
Security Guard: Ball pit.
Leonard: Thanks for not calling the cops.
Security Guard: Oh, hey, it’s no big deal. My sister’s got a kid who’s special.
Leonard: Yeah, well, he’s extra special. Hey, Shelly. What you doing?
Sheldon: Size ratio was all wrong. Couldn’t visualize it. Needed bigger carbon atoms.
Leonard: Sure, sure. How did you get into this place?
Sheldon: Back door has a five-pin tumbler system, single-circuit alarm. Child’s play. You can start
sorting protons and neutrons while I build carbon atoms.
Leonard: No, I don’t think so. We need to go home now.
Sheldon: But I’m still working.
Leonard: If you don’t come out of there, I’m going to have to drag you out.
Sheldon: You can try, but you’ll never catch me. (He disappears under the balls)
Leonard: For God’s sakes. Sheldon, come here!
Sheldon (popping his head up): Bazinga. (Disappears, pops up in another place) Bazinga. (And again)
Bazinga. (And again) Bazinga. (And again) Bazinga.

Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Sheldon is standing over their bed. He knocks on the wall.

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
Leonard (Waking up as Penny screams): What! What, what, what?
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard and Penny.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I have good news.
Leonard: And you had to barge in here and wake us up in the middle of the night?
Sheldon: Your cell phone was off.
Leonard: Because we didn’t want to be disturbed.
Sheldon: And that didn’t work out, did it?
Penny: Sheldon, what do you want?
Sheldon: I came to tell you I’ve got the answer.
Leonard: Really? You figured out the graphene problem?
Sheldon: No, no, I’m still hopelessly stuck on that, but I figured out how to figure it out.
Penny: Hey, you know what, Leonard, I know I said I could handle your roommate, but I was wrong.
We’re going to have to break up.
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Penny (as Sheldon sits on the bed): Oh.
Sheldon: Einstein.
Leonard: Yeah, I’m going to need a little more.
Sheldon: Albert Einstein.
Leonard: Keep going.
Sheldon: When Albert Einstein came up with special relativity, he was working at the patent office.
Leonard: So, you’re going to go work at the patent office?
Sheldon: Don’t be absurd. That’s in Washington. You know I could never live in a city whose streets
are laid out in a wheel-and-spoke pattern. No. I’m going to find a similarly menial job where my basal

ganglia are occupied with a routine task, freeing my prefrontal cortex to work quietly in the
background on my problem.
Leonard: Sounds like a great plan.
Sheldon: Of course it is. Even talking to you is sufficiently menial that I can feel the proverbial juices
starting to flow.
Leonard: Okay, well, thanks for sharing with us. Good night.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. Good night to you, too. Oh, by the way, I was watching you sleep for a
moment, and I noticed that your snoring seems to be worse when you’re on your back.
Penny: Leonard doesn’t snore.
Sheldon: No, I wasn’t talking to Leonard.
Leonard: Told you.
Scene: An employment office
Employment Office Assistant: So, Mr. Cooper, you’re looking for a job.
Sheldon: A menial job. Like yours.
Assistant: Why, thank you for noticing. I’m Menial Employee of the Month. Do you have a particular
field in mind?
Sheldon: I do. For thousands of years, the lowest classes of the human race have spent their lives
labouring to erect monuments under the lash of their betters, until finally they dropped down and
became one with the dust through which they trudged. Do you have anything like that?
Assistant: No.
Sheldon: Shouldn’t you check your database?
Assistant (clicks her keyboard a few times): No.
Sheldon: You didn’t really type.
Assistant: I didn’t really have to. So, how about construction?
Sheldon: Oh, that would be good! Sawing, hammering, eating out of a lunch pail as my working-class
fellows and I sit perched precariously on a girder high above the metropolis.
Assistant: No, no. This is putting up sheetrock at a housing project in Rosemead.
Sheldon: I could do that.
Assistant: Good.

Sheldon: One question.
Assistant: Yes?
Sheldon: What’s sheetrock?
Assistant: Moving on. How about doing deliveries for a florist?
Sheldon: That seems acceptable.
Assistant: Do you have your own car?
Sheldon: I don’t drive.
Assistant: Of course you don’t. Mr. Cooper, let me just ask you a question. What was your last job?
Sheldon: Senior theoretical particle physicist at CalTech, focusing on M theory, or, in layman’s terms,
string theory.
Assistant: I see. Just give me a second. Security!
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Penny: Okay, I’ll get those drinks started for you.
Sheldon (appearing in an apron and carrying a tray): Behind you.
Penny: Sheldon, what the hell are you doing?
Sheldon: I’m trying to get these tables cleared. We’re slammed.
Penny: No, wait, wait, no, wait. Wh.. what are you doing here?
Sheldon: A reasonable question. I asked myself, what is the most mind-numbing, pedestrian job
conceivable, and three answers came to mind, uh, toll booth attendant, an Apple Store genius, and
what Penny does. Now, since I don’t like touching other people’s coins, and I refuse to contribute to
the devaluation of the word genius, here I am.
Penny: You just, you just walked in and they hired you, just like that?
Sheldon: Oh, heavens, no. Since I don’t need to be paid, I didn’t need to be hired. I simply came in,
picked up a tray, and started working for the man. Let me get that plate out of your way.
Penny: Sheldon, this is ridiculous.
Sheldon: Is it? Just a moment ago I had a minor epiphany regarding the polymer degradation
phenomenon while scraping congealed nachos off a plate. Bernadette, table 10 wants their check.
Bernadette: Thanks, Sheldon.
Penny: Sheldon, wait, this isn’t even what I do. I’m a waitress, not a busboy.

Sheldon: You’re right. That is more menial. Hello, I’m Sheldon. I’ll be your server today. I don’t
recommend the salmon. I saw it in the kitchen.
Scene: The same, later.
Sheldon: All right, one bacon cheeseburger, breaking two Jewish dietary restrictions simultaneously,
kudos. Beer-battered fish and chips. Now, here’s your tartar sauce. I also brought you salsa. It’s a
little unconventional, but I think you’ll like it. It’s zingy. And for you, Factory Burrito Grande, no
cheese, no sour cream, no ugly consequences from your lactose intolerance. Bon appétit.
Leonard: Hang on. Black beans, not pinto beans?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: Double guacamole?
Sheldon: Of course.
Leonard: No cilantro?
Sheldon: Nope.
Leonard: Lettuce shredded, not chopped?
Sheldon: Yep.
Leonard: You understand why I’m doing this to you?
Sheldon: I do.
Leonard: That’ll be all. That was fun.
Raj: How long can he keep this up?
Leonard: I heard about this professor at MIT who melted down, bought a van, and spent the rest of his
life as a mobile dog groomer.
Raj: He never went back to the university?
Leonard: Only to shampoo Professor Chambourg’s shih tzu.
Raj: Sheesh.
Howard: I bet if we all chipped in, we could buy Sheldon a van.
Raj: But he’s afraid of dogs.
Leonard: Yeah, that’s the only thing wrong with that plan.
Penny: Hey, guys, sorry you had to wait, but we are swamped. What’s this?

Leonard: Sheldon took our order.
Penny: Sheldon doesn’t work here.
Leonard: Well, honey, not to complain, but we were starting to think you didn’t either.
Sheldon (drops tray. A nearby table claps): Is that really necessary? Good Lord. The interference
pattern in the fracture. The motion of the wave through the molecular structure. I’ve been looking at it
all wrong. I can’t consider the electrons as particles. They move through the graphene as a wave. It’s a
wave! The moment to applaud would be now. Troglodytes.
Penny: Sheldon, where are you going? Aren’t you going to clean this up?
Sheldon: I’m sorry. I don’t work here.
Scene: The roller disco.
Howard: Happy now?
Raj: I’m on a cloud. Swing me. (Howard swings Raj several times.)
Scene: The ball pit, presumably earlier.
Leonard: Sheldon, come here.
(Sheldon once again keeps popping up his head and shouting “Bazinga” as Leonard flails around
trying to catch him.)

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 15
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Howard (on the phone): Yeah, I miss you, too, sweetie. Listen, I got to go, but I’ll see you tonight?
Okay. Bye-bye. Yeah, bye-bye. No, you hang up first. Hello?
Raj: Dude, I’m glad you finally got a girlfriend, but do you have to do all that lovey-dovey stuff in
front of those of us who don’t?
Sheldon: Actually, he might have to. There’s an economic concept known as a positional good in
which an object is only valued by the possessor because it’s not possessed by others. The term was
coined in 1976 by economist Fred Hirsch to replace the more colloquial, but less precise neenerneener.
Howard: That’s not true. My happiness is not dependent on my best friend being miserable and alone.
Raj: Thank you.
Howard: Although, I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t a little bit of a perk.
Leonard: Who’s miserable and alone?
Raj: Me.
Leonard: Oh. I used to be like that. Then I got a girlfriend.
Sheldon: In pre-1976 terms, neener-neener.
Leonard: Hey, what are you and Bernadette doing for your first Valentine’s Day?
Howard: Yeah, I am pulling out all the stops. There’s a $39.95 lover’s special at P.F. Chang’s. Egg
rolls, dumplings, bottomless wok, and you get your picture taken on the big marble horse out front.
Sheldon: Given that Saint Valentine was a third century Roman priest who was stoned and beheaded,
wouldn’t a more appropriate celebration of the evening be taking one’s steady gal to witness a brutal
murder?
Howard: I understand your point, but given a choice, Jews always go with Chinese food.
Raj: Well, if anyone’s interested, I’ll be spending this Valentine’s Day the same way I spend every
Valentine’s Day. Buying a rotisserie chicken from the supermarket, taking it home, standing over the
sink and eating it out of the package with my bare hands like an animal.
Leonard: Okay, so to sum up: one giant marble horse, one asinine comment, one lonely man and his
chicken. And let’s see, who’s left? Oh, that’s right. My plans. Isn’t anyone going to ask?
Raj: Fine, tell us you’re going to have sex with Penny.

Leonard: That’s not what I was going to tell you.
Raj: It’s okay. I don’t mind hearing about your sex life. It’s his that bugs me.
Leonard: Guess who the university is sending to Switzerland to attend a conference and see the CERN
supercollider on February 14?
Sheldon: Professor Norton, although, God knows why. He hasn’t published anything of note since he
won that Nobel Prize.
Leonard: Actually, Professor Norton can’t make it. He threw his back out rock climbing.
Howard: I heard he threw his back out climbing on his new girlfriend.
Raj: The big-boobed weather girl on Channel 2?
Howard: That’s the one.
Leonard: In any case, they’re asking me to fill in for him.
Sheldon: In Switzerland or with the big-boobed weather girl?
Leonard: Switzerland. And I get to bring a guest!
Howard: Oh, man!
Raj: No way, dude!
Sheldon: This is incredible! I’m so happy, I’m not even going to question their judgment in picking
you. I’m just going to run home and start packing.
Raj: Why wouldn’t you take Penny?
Leonard: I am taking Penny.
Raj: Oh. Well, then I anticipate an awkward situation when you get home.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Leonard: Sheldon, you got a minute?
Sheldon: Of course, my good friend. Come in. Help me out, which ski hat says après supercollider?
Leonard: Sheldon, I’m not taking you to Switzerland.
Sheldon: Well, of course you are. Who else would you take?
Leonard: Penny.

Sheldon: What? That’s absurd. Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.
Leonard: Yes, but it’ll be Valentine’s Day. We can go sightseeing and skiing and make love in front
of a roaring fire in the shadow of the snowcapped Alps.
Sheldon: But Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.
Leonard: I’m sorry, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Sorry? I’ve been dreaming about going to the Large Hadron Collider since I was nine years
old.
Leonard: Yeah, well, I’ve been dreaming about spending Valentine’s Day with a girl since I was six.
Sheldon: Shame on you! That’s no dream for a scientist!
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Okay, what’s the big surprise?
Leonard: Just a minute. This tray contains clues as to what you and I are going to be doing on
Valentine’s Day.
Penny: Oh. Wow. Okay. Let’s see. We’ve got, uh, milk chocolate, Swiss cheese, fondue. My lactoseintolerant boyfriend is going to eat all this, then I’m going to climb on his back and rocket to the
moon?
Leonard: No. But it does involve air travel. Okay, um, let me slice this Swiss cheese with my Swiss
army knife, and then you can wash it down with a cup of Swiss Miss instant cocoa.
Penny: Okay, I’m starting to think Swiss is key here.
Leonard: Uh-huh.
Penny: We’re going to Disneyland and ride the Matterhorn?
Leonard: How does that involve air travel?
Penny: We’re going to Disney World and ride the Matterhorn?
Leonard: No.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, this started out fun, but I’m over it.
Leonard: We’re going to Switzerland to see the CERN supercollider! And ski. We’ll also go skiing.
Penny: We’re going skiing in Switzerland?!
Leonard: Well, you’ll ski, I’ll fall, but, yeah, we will be in Switzerland for Valentine’s Day.
Penny: Oh, my God, Leonard! That’s incredible!

Sheldon: Not so fast. You might want to hold off on lighting your rabeliechtli, Penny.
Penny: My Rabe-what-ly?
Sheldon: Rabeliechtli. It means turnip light and refers to a traditional lantern hand-carved from a root
vegetable and used to celebrate certain Swiss festivals. Which you will not be celebrating because, A,
these festivals occur in the fall, and B, you will not be going to Switzerland.
Leonard: Sheldon, we’ve been through this. I’m taking Penny.
Sheldon: Afraid not. Do you recognize this?
Leonard: Not the roommate agreement.
Sheldon: Indeed, the roommate agreement. I call your attention to the Friendship Rider in Appendix C,
Future Commitments. Number 37, in the event one friend is ever invited to visit the Large Hadron
Collider, now under construction in Switzerland, he shall invite the other friend to accompany him.
Leonard: Oh, for God’s sakes.
Penny: You actually put that in an agreement?
Leonard: Yeah. We also put in what happens if one of us wins a MacArthur Grant, or if one of us gets
superpowers, or if one of us is bitten by a zombie.
Sheldon: He can’t kill me, even if I turn.
Penny: Is there anything in there about if one of you gets a girlfriend?
Sheldon: No, that seemed a little farfetched.
Leonard: Sheldon, do you really expect to enforce this?
Sheldon: I’ve lived up to all my commitments under the agreement. At least once a day I ask how you
are, even though I simply don’t care. I no longer stage spontaneous biohazard drills after 10 pm And I
abandoned my goal to master Tuvan throat singing.
Penny: Okay, I know I shouldn’t ask, but what is…?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon (after demonstrating): I’d be much further along if I’d been allowed to practice.
Leonard: Look, Sheldon, I know it’s in the agreement, and if you turn into a zombie, I promise I will
not kill you. In fact, I’ll even let you eat my brains. But I am taking Penny to Switzerland.
Sheldon: Is that your final decision?
Leonard: It is.
Sheldon: Very well.

Penny: It’s not over, is it?
Leonard: What do you think? (The sound of Tuvan throat singing comes from Sheldon’s bedroom.)

Scene: Leonard’s car.
Leonard: Got a bit of traffic this morning, huh? Think it’s gonna rain? Instead of underpants, I
covered my crotch with potato salad this morning. Thoughts? Okay, I know what’ll cheer you up, let’s
play one of your driving games.
Sheldon: All right. This game is called Traitors. I will name three historical figures, you put them in
order of the heinousness of their betrayal. Benedict Arnold, Judas, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.
Leonard: You really think I belong with Benedict Arnold and Judas?
Sheldon: You’re right. Judas had the decency to hang himself after what he did.
Leonard: Come on, Sheldon. Can’t you at least try to understand how much this means to me?
Sheldon: Round two, Leonard Hofstadter, Darth Vader, Rupert Murdoch.
Leonard: Rupert Murdoch?
Sheldon: He owns Fox, and they cancelled Firefly. Hint, he and Darth Vader are tied for number 2.
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Howard: I’m sorry I couldn’t hang with you last night. I had a date with Bernadette.
Raj: I know. I saw the Tweet.
Howard: So, what did you end up doing?
Raj: Not much. Nuked a burrito. Prayed to the Hindu god Urvashi that your bowels would loosen and
your penis would droop like a willow tree.
Leonard: You seen Sheldon?
Raj: No. Is he still mad about the supercollider?
Leonard: Yeah. He thinks I betrayed him. I mean, come on, what would you guys do if you were me?
Howard: I’d take Sheldon to Switzerland.
Leonard: Seriously?
Howard: Absolutely. And I’d leave him there. (Sheldon enters, puts a tray in front of Leonard, and
exits.)

Raj: What the hell is that?
Leonard: Uh, let’s see. Yup, 30 pieces of silverware.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom.
Sheldon: Morning, old chum.
Leonard: What’s going on?
Sheldon: I’ve made you breakfast. Juice, coffee, and pancakes in the shape of some of your favorite
fictional characters. See, here’s Frodo.
Leonard: You made Frodo pancakes?
Sheldon: Yeah, I used coconut shavings to do the hair on his feet. If you need to void your bladder
before eating, I can keep them warm with this beret that I thoroughly laundered and pressed into
service as a pancake cosy.
Leonard: Why are you doing this?
Sheldon: It’s by way of an apology for my recent behaviour. I’ve had some time to reflect and I’ve
come to realize that friendship is not an aggregation of written agreements. It’s a result of two people
respecting and caring for each other. Butterscotch scone?
Leonard: Thanks. It’s good.
Sheldon: What you’re tasting is respect and affection. And about a pound of Crisco. After you’ve
finished breakfast, I thought we could spend the day watching the final season of Babylon 5 with
director commentary.
Leonard: You hate Babylon 5.
Sheldon: I do. It fails as drama, science fiction, and it’s hopelessly derivative. But you like it, and
you’re my friend.
Leonard: Okay, great. Still not taking you to Switzerland.
Sheldon: Drat. No Frodo for you.
Scene: The laundry room.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: Hello.
Sheldon: Alright, let’s dispense with the friendly banter, I believe you know why I’m here.
Penny: Well, I always figured it was to study us, discover our weaknesses, and report back to your
alien overlords.

Sheldon: Yes, amusing. Extraordinary intelligence might well appear extraterrestrial to you, but let
me be more specific. I believe you know why I’m here in the laundry room.
Penny: Better acoustics for your throat singing?
Sheldon (trying it): It’s actually not bad. But my true purpose in being here will be revealed in this
brief PowerPoint presentation. Lights. Why Sheldon Cooper, PhD, should go to Switzerland to see the
CERN supercollider. A PowerPoint presentation by Sheldon Cooper, PhD.
Penny: Oh, for God’s sakes.
Sheldon: Here we have a highly gifted researcher in the field of particle physics whose work has
brought him to the precipice of forever changing mankind’s understanding of the universe. AKA me.
And here we have a waitress brushing her teeth with her finger. AKA you.
Penny: I’m sorry. Is this supposed to be buttering me up?
Sheldon: Please hold all questions to the end of the presentation. This is the Large Hadron Collider at
CERN in Switzerland, the product of decades of planning and construction. It is a Mecca for
physicists the world over. This is Bath and Body Works on Colorado Boulevard. They sell scented
soaps and lotions, some of which contain glitter. Now, let’s see if we can match the individual to the
appropriate destination.
Penny: Okay, show’s over.
Sheldon: No, it’s not. I’ve got five more slides.
Penny: Sheldon, this is Leonard’s decision. He invited me to Switzerland, and I intend to go.
Sheldon: Very well. Enjoy yourself. You’re going to be in the presence of something that I’ve
dreamed of seeing for decades. I just hope you’ll be able to appreciate the magnitude of where you are
and what it represents.
Penny: I’ll talk to Leonard.
Sheldon: You will?
Penny: Yes. If it means that much to you, you should go.
Sheldon (Hugging her): Oh, Penny, thank you!
Penny: You’re welcome.
Sheldon: Since I rarely hug, I’m relying on your expertise regarding duration.
Penny: I think we’re there.
Sheldon: Oh, good. Bye-bye.
Scene: The apartment.

Raj: You know what? Even though I don’t have a girlfriend, I can still have a good time on
Valentine’s Day.
Howard: Trust me, you can’t. I’ve tried.
Raj: No, no, no, I’m going to have a me day. First I’m going to go to one of those spas in Koreatown,
take a steam and get a massage. Then I’m going to stop at a pet store and get licked by puppies.
Leonard: Sheldon, I need to talk to you.
Sheldon: All right, my friend. Would you like some cholermus?
Leonard: Some what?
Sheldon: Cholermus. It’s a traditional Swiss breakfast dish. I’m preparing my gastrointestinal system
for the exotic cuisine of Switzerland.
Leonard: You’re not going to Switzerland!
Sheldon: Oh, but I am. Didn’t Penny tell you the good news?
Leonard: She told me that you went behind my back to guilt her into letting you go instead of her.
Sheldon: Yes, that good news.
Leonard: Well, forget it. I was the one who was invited, I get to decide who goes with me, and it’s
Penny, not you!
Sheldon: Howard, could you lower the lights? I have a short PowerPoint presentation.
Leonard: I don’t need to see your presentation. This discussion is over!
Sheldon: That’s a somewhat ambiguous response. Am I going or not?
Leonard: Sheldon, at this point, I would go by myself before I would take you.
Sheldon: Really?
Leonard: Yeah, really.
Sheldon: Well then, you leave me no alternative. From this moment forward, we can be roommates,
but we will no longer be friends.
Leonard: I’m sorry you feel that way.
Sheldon: I don’t think you’re fully aware of the ramifications here, Leonard.
Leonard: Why don’t you enlighten me?
Sheldon: With the friendship clause of our roommate agreement nullified you are no longer entitled to
accompany me to go swimming at Bill Gates’ house should I be invited.

Howard: Ooh, that’s gotta sting.
Scene: Penny’s bedroom.
Leonard: Just think, this time tomorrow we’ll be in Geneva, Switzerland for our first Valentine’s Day.
Penny: I know! I went shopping today and bought special undies for the occasion.
Leonard: Thermal? ‘Cause it’s gonna be cold.
Penny: Think it through, Leonard.
Leonard: Oh!
Penny: Oh!
Leonard (Penny sneezes): Gesundheit. Or as they say in Switzerland, gesundheit. You getting a cold?
Penny: No, no, it’s probably just allergies.
Leonard: Do you want an allergy pill? ‘Cause I have ‘em all. Prescription, nonprescription, foreign,
domestic, experimental.
Penny: Do any of them work?
Leonard: Not really, I’m just an enthusiast.
(Time passes. Sound of Penny retching in the bathroom)
Leonard: Penny? You okay?
Penny: Did that sound okay to you? Do not come in here!
Leonard: What’s going on?
Penny: I’m having a tea party. What do you think’s going on? I think I might have the flu. Or the
plague.
Leonard: Well, our plane leaves at 9 a.m. Do you think you’ll feel better by then?
Penny: Yep. ‘Cause I’m gonna be dead.
Scene: Outside Sheldon’s bedroom.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon? Listen, Penny is pretty sick and she’s not going to be able to go to
Switzerland. So if you’re still interested, you’re welcome to come. (Sound of Sheldon vomiting in the
bathroom)
Sheldon: Great. I’ll start packing. In a minute. (Vomits again) Oh, look, it’s the cholermus.
Scene: The apartment.

Penny: Here’s your soup.
Sheldon: Chicken?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: With the little stars?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Heated to 180 degrees?
Penny: Why don’t I pour it in your lap, and you can tell me.
Sheldon: You don’t have to be mean. I’m sick.
Penny: Yeah, well, I’m sick, too.
Sheldon: Not my problem. I just don’t understand how this happened to me. I’m scrupulous about my
hygiene. I regularly disinfect my hands, and I avoid contact with other people on general principle.
Penny: I don’t know what to tell you, Sheldon.
Sheldon (remembering the hug): It’s you! I touched you!
Penny: Happy Valentine’s Day.
Scene: A Swiss hotel room.
Raj: Oh, my goodness, look at this room! Champagne! Roses! Oh, and little chocolates! This is going
to be the best Valentine’s Day ever.
Leonard: Yeah, I forgot about all this.
Raj: But I never will.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 16
Scene: The comic book store. Raj enters carrying an iPod with a speaker on his tee shirt. As he enters
the shop he starts the iPod and the Darth Vader theme from Star Wars emerges from the speaker.
Leonard: Will you please turn your shirt off?
Raj: What? I’m giving myself dramatic entrance music. People will know I’m awesome and to be
feared.
Howard: Yeah, right, there’s nothing more awesome and frightening than a man who’s got music
blasting from between his nipples.
Leonard: Hey, Stuart, what’s going on?
Stuart: Well, you might want to mark your Google calendars. Stan Lee is coming to do a signing on
Thursday.
Sheldon: Did he finally write a sequel to his autobiography? I’m sure ages 79 through 87 were just
action-packed.
Stuart: No, just a regular comic signing. My uncle is his dermatologist and Stan’s doing him a favour.
Sheldon: Oh, I don’t want to know that! How can I possibly discuss with Stan Lee the scientific
foundations for interstellar flight on a silver surfboard when part of my brain will be scanning his face
for signs of contagious skin disease?
Leonard: Stan Lee does not have a contagious skin disease.
Sheldon: Well, look who thinks he’s Stuart’s uncle now.
Raj: Can’t believe it. We’re going to meet Stan Lee! (Presses play on his iPod. His shirt starts to play
“I’m So Excited” by the Pointer Sisters. He dances.)
Howard: I’m sad to say I taught him those moves.
Credits sequence.

Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: I can’t decide whether I want Stan Lee to autograph my Journey into Mystery 83, first
appearance of Thor or my Fantastic Four number five, first appearance of Dr. Doom. (Raj presses his
iPod. The theme from Jeopardy plays.) Alex, I’m going to go with what is… you’re a dumbass?
(Presses again, his shirt blows a raspberry.)
Sheldon: I’ve decided I’m going to have Mr. Lee sign my copy of this month’s Batman.

Howard: That’s crazy. Stan Lee had nothing to do with Batman.
Sheldon: Yes, which is why no one else will ask him to sign one, and I will be the possessor of a
unique, albeit confusing, artifact, which will set me apart from the hoi polloi of comic book fandom.
Raj: That’s a great idea, I’m going to get him to sign a Batman as well.
Sheldon: What is it about the word unique you don’t understand?
Howard: Ow! Damn, paper cut. Nothing worse than a paper cut.
Raj: Well, obviously you don’t remember your circumcision.
Sheldon: There’s Neosporin and Band-Aids in my top desk drawer.
Howard: Why don’t you keep that stuff in the bathroom?
Leonard: He does. And in the kitchen. And in the car. And in his pocket.
Sheldon: Yeah, but the ones in my pocket are mine.
Penny: Hi!
Leonard: Hey. Guess who’s going to be at the comic bookstore on Thursday?
Penny: Um, can you give me a hint?
Leonard: Stan Lee.
Penny: Um, Stanley, Stanley, Stanley Tucci?
Leonard: No, no, Stan Lee.
Penny: Oh, oh, Stan Lee! Cool!
Leonard: You have no idea who he is, do you?
Penny: Of course I do. You’re an important part of my life and I pay attention to the things you are
interested in.
Leonard: Good, good, so, who’s Stan Lee?
Penny: Um, he was on Star Trek.
Leonard: Nope.
Penny: Star Wars?
Leonard: No.
Penny: Um, uh, Stan Lee, oh, he was in those goofy kung fu movies you love so much?

Leonard: That’s Bruce Lee.
Penny: Oh. So, is this Bruce Lee’s nerdy brother, Stan?
Howard: Sheldon, why do you have all these unopened paychecks in your desk?
Sheldon: Because most of the things I’m planning to buy haven’t been invented yet.
Howard: But there must be thousands of dollars here. Why don’t you put it in the bank?
Sheldon: I don’t trust banks. I believe that when the robots rise up, ATMs will lead the charge.
Howard: You’ve also got something from the Pasadena Municipal Court.
Sheldon: Undoubtedly yet another snide response to my repeated letters complaining that the flags in
front of the courthouse are flying in the wrong order. From left to right, it’s supposed to be federal,
state, and then city of Pasadena.
Penny: I’m sorry. You sent more than one letter about that?
Sheldon: It bothers me.
Howard: Sheldon, this is a summons.
Sheldon: A summons for what?
Howard: Looks like you ran a red light on Marengo Avenue at 9:30 p.m. on November 16. They got
you on a traffic camera. Nice picture.
Sheldon: November 16? Penny, that’s the evening you fell in your bathtub and I had to drive you to
the emergency room.
Penny: No, it isn’t.
Sheldon: Yes, it is.
Penny: No, it isn’t.
Sheldon: Penny, I have an eidetic memory. Also, that’s a picture of you in the passenger seat holding
your dislocated shoulder.
Penny: Mmm, no, it isn’t.
Sheldon: Okay, then why is a summons for a traffic violation committed in your car, bearing your
license plates, coming to me?
Penny: Okay, look, they sent me the ticket. I told them I wasn’t driving and they were all, if it wasn’t
you, who was it?
Sheldon: So you betrayed me?

Penny: No! It wasn’t a betrayal. It was more of a can’t afford any more points on my license. I already
have to buy my insurance from this place in the Cayman Islands.
Sheldon: But the only reason I was driving your car was because you were in distress and I was
rescuing you.
Penny: Yes, yes, look, and now you have a photo to remember that heroic day.
Leonard: It’s not that big a deal. You just go down to the court on Thursday and you pay the fine.
Sheldon: I’m not going to pay a fine. That would imply I’m guilty.
Howard: You are guilty. (Raj’s shirt plays the gavel sound from Law & Order) That one I liked.
Sheldon: I am not guilty. I only have a learner’s permit, Penny was the teacher. When the light turned
yellow she said go, go, go, so I went, went, went.
Penny: Sheldon, I’m sorry. I’ll be happy to reimburse you for the fine. You know, as soon as I get a
part in a movie or my own TV series.
Sheldon: You don’t need to reimburse me because I’m not paying. On Thursday, I will have my day
in court and justice will be done. In fact, I’m going to begin preparing my defence right now.
Howard: Okay, he’s going to jail.
Leonard (after Raj whispers to him): Oh, that’s right. Thursday is Stan Lee Day.
Sheldon: Now you see what you’ve done? Because of you, we’re all going to miss Stan Lee.
Leonard: Whoa! What do you mean all?
Sheldon: Well, you’re my friends. You’ll be standing by my side, supporting me, feeding me legal
precedents, and if you had the upper body strength, carrying me out on your shoulders when I’m
victorious.
Leonard: Yeah, okay. No.
Sheldon: Are you saying that you will not stand beside me as I plead my case?
Leonard: That’s what I’m saying.
Sheldon: Howard?
Howard: Wow. Uh, Stan Lee, or you in court? Uh, if this was Sophie’s Choice it would’ve been a
much shorter movie. No.
Sheldon: Raj? You’ll be there, won’t you? (Shirt plays “incorrect” quiz sound) All right, then, my socalled friends have forsaken me. So, I guess it’ll just be me and my eyewitness.
Penny: Oh, balls.

Sheldon: Please try to wear something appropriate. It won’t help my case if the judge is busy trying to
read the word Juicy scrawled across your buttocks.
Scene: Penny’s door.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny (opening door): (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Sheldon: That’s just wrong.
Penny: All right, let’s go.
Sheldon: Wait, hold on. Before we get to the courthouse, I’d like to call on your skills as an actress.
Penny: What is this?
Sheldon: I’ve taken the liberty of scripting your appearance on the witness stand because, let’s face it,
you’re somewhat of a loose cannon. Now, don’t worry, it’s written in your vernacular. So shall we
rehearse?
Penny: Do I have a choice?
Sheldon: Well, of course you have a choice. Although we live in a deterministic universe, each
individual has free will. Now, sit down. I call your attention to the events of November 16. Do you
remember that date?
Penny (reading): Darn tootin’, I do, if the court will excuse my homespun, corn-fed Nebraskan turn of
phrase.
Sheldon: Excellent. Go on.
Penny: The reason that date is, like, so totally fixed in my memory is that I had the privilege to be
witness to one of the most heroic acts I’ve ever seen in, like, ever.
Sheldon: And who performed that heroic act?
Penny: Why, you did, sir. You. Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and may I add, it is a privilege to know you.
Sheldon: There’s no need for compliments, this court is only interested in the facts.
Penny: But it is a fact that it’s a privilege to know you. Totally. A teardrop rolls down my cheek?
Sheldon: Only a suggestion. A catch in your throat would work just as well.
Penny (pretending to be close to tears): But it is a fact that it’s a privilege to know you. Totally.
Sheldon: Maybe you should put on your Juicy pants again.
Scene: The courtroom.

Judge: Pay the cashier. Sheldon Cooper?
Sheldon: Good morning, Your Honour. Dr. Sheldon Cooper appearing in pro se. That is to say,
representing himself.
Judge: I know what it means. I went to law school.
Sheldon: And yet you wound up in traffic court. Anyway, if it would please the court, I’d like to begin
with an opening statement.
Judge: The court would advise you to make it quick, as the court had a dicey-looking breakfast burrito
this morning and just took an Imodium.
Sheldon: Very well, a quick opening statement. Like a milking stool, my case rests on three legs. I
will demonstrate that I was improperly instructed in driving by a woman whose lack of respect for
society borders on the sociopathic. I will argue that the emergency met the legal doctrine of quod est
necessarium est licitum, that which is necessary is legal. But first, I will raise a Sixth Amendment
issue. I’m unable to confront my accuser, a non-human entity, to wit, a camera. So, to sum up,
improper instruction, quod est necessarium est licitum, Sixth Amendment. My milk stool is complete.
Judge: Impressive.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Judge: Guilty. Pay the cashier.
Sheldon: I object. You’re completely ignoring the law.
Judge: No, I’m following the law. I’m ignoring you.
Sheldon: Really? I would point out that I am at the top of my profession, while you preside over the
kiddy table of yours.
Judge: Dr. Cooper, before I find you in contempt and throw you in jail, I’m going to give you a
chance to apologize for that last remark.
Sheldon: I am a scientist. I never apologize for the truth.
Scene: A police cell. Three people sit on a bench inside. Sheldon points at the one on the end.
Sheldon: That’s my spot.
Scene: A queue outside the comic book store.
Raj: I can’t wait to ask Stan Lee why he insists on giving all his characters first and last names that
start with the same letter.
Leonard: Oh, come on, why would you do that?
Raj: Bruce Banner, Reed Richards, Sue Storm, Stephen Strange, Otto Octavius, Silver Surfer, Peter
Parker, oh, and worst of all, J. Jonah Jameson, Jr.

Howard: Okay, I’m cutting. I’m not gonna talk to Stan Lee after you cheese him off.
Leonard (phone rings.): Hey.
Penny: Sheldon’s in jail.
Leonard: Sheldon’s in jail?
Raj: You called it.
Leonard: For what?
Penny: What do you think? For doing the same crap he always does, except to a judge. He has to stay
in there until he apologizes.
Leonard: So tell him to apologize.
Penny: Oh, gee, thanks, Leonard. That didn’t occur to me. If he doesn’t apologize by 5 o’clock he is
going to spend the night in jail.
Leonard: Oh, no, that’s terrible. Ooh, the line’s moving. Got to go. Bye.
Scene: The police cell.
Sheldon: Excuse me? Excuse me, jailor?
Guard: What?
Sheldon: I need to use the restroom.
Guard: Knock yourself out. (Points to urinal in cell)
Sheldon: That’s the toilet?
Guard: Well, it ain’t a wishing well.
Sheldon: Please tell the judge I’m ready to apologize.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Look at that. To my friend, Leonard, from Stan Lee, Excelsior!
Howard: Awesome. Mine says, To my friend, Howard, from Stan Lee, Excelsior!
Raj: Mine says, To Raj, from Stan Lee.
Howard: That’s ’cause you pissed him off about his character names.
Raj: Hey, I didn’t even mention Dum Dum Dugan or Green Goblin, Matt Murdock, Pepper Potts,
Victor Von Doom, oh, and worst of all, Millie the Model.

Penny: We’re home.
Leonard: Oh, hey, buddy. How’d it go?
Sheldon: You know very well how it went.
Leonard: Yeah, but we all want to hear it from you.
Sheldon: I was found guilty and fined $533.
Penny: I’m going to write you a cheque for that. As long as you promise to put it in your drawer and
never cash it, like the others.
Sheldon: I also now have three points on a driver’s licence I do not yet possess, and I was forced to
issue an undeserved apology, simply because I refuse to urinate in a stainless steel bowl in front of
criminals.
Howard: Plus, you didn’t get to meet Stan Lee.
Leonard: Okay, that’s enough, Howard. The poor guy’s had a tough time. He had to spend the entire
afternoon in jail wearing that suit.
Howard: You’re right, so it would be cruel to mention that after he finished signing autographs, Stan
Lee took Stuart and us out for gelato.
Sheldon: You had gelato with Stan Lee?
Howard: He said we could call him Stan.
Leonard: Except for Raj.
Sheldon: Well, I hope you’re satisfied, Penny. You are responsible for all the evil that has befallen me
today.
Penny: Okay, I realize that…
Sheldon: Not finished. It is because of you that I now have a criminal record, and it is because of you
that I missed out on having gelato with Stan Lee.
Penny: Okay, maybe you’ll have another chance to have…
Sheldon: No, no. I will never have another chance to have gelato with Stan Lee because opportunities
to have gelato with Stan Lee come but once in a lifetime. The moving finger writes, and having writ,
moves on!
Penny: Did he just somehow give me the finger?
Howard: Not just the finger. The moving finger.
Scene: The comic book store.

Penny: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Oh, hey, Penny. Wow. Hi.
Penny: What’s going on?
Stuart: Nothing. I’m just getting ready to close up and head out.
Penny: Ah. Cool. Got any fun plans?
Stuart: Oh, yeah. Big night tonight. Gonna share a can of tuna with the cat.
Penny: Oh, nice.
Stuart: Not even my cat. I just feed it. Some nights it doesn’t even show up.
Penny: Oh, okay. Well, I was hoping, um, you could do me a favour.
Stuart: Sure, yeah, name it.
Penny: Well, I’m kind of responsible for Sheldon missing Stan Lee, and I really want to make it up to
him. So I was hoping you could give me his phone number so maybe I can arrange for them to meet.
Stuart: Oh, I’m sorry, I don’t have his phone number.
Penny: Hmm. Damn. All right. Thank you.
Stuart: Mm-hmm. Wait. I have his address.
Penny: Really? Great!
Stuart: But I can’t give it to you.
Penny: Then why did you tell me you had it?
Stuart: I don’t know. Just chatting. You’re looking at a guy who could very well get stood up by a
stray cat tonight.
Penny: I’m sorry, Stuart. Thanks anyway.
Stuart: Mm-hmm. Wait.
Penny: Yeah?
Stuart: Maybe we can make a deal.
Penny: What kind of deal?
Stuart: I will give you the address if you go to my cousin’s wedding with me.

Penny: You’re extorting a date out of me?
Stuart: I kind of have to. The cousin who’s getting married is the cousin I usually go to weddings with.
Penny: Can I bring Leonard?
Stuart: Sure. What the hell.
Penny: Deal.
Stuart: We’ll tell people he’s your cousin.
Scene: Outside Stan Lee’s house.
Sheldon: This is Stan Lee’s front door. We were on Stan Lee’s curb, then we were on Stan Lee’s walk,
and now we’re at Stan Lee’s front door.
Penny: Yup.
Sheldon: Oh, Lord, you just rang Stan Lee’s doorbell. At Stan Lee’s house. We’re about to go in and
have milk and cookies with Stan Lee.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, I don’t know if we’re gonna have cookies, or he’s just gonna say hi, or really
what’s gonna happen, so just let me talk, and we’ll…
Stan Lee (opening door): Yeah?
Penny: Are you Stan Lee?
Stan Lee: Oh, damn.
Penny: Hi. I’m Penny. This is my friend, Sheldon.
Sheldon: We’re not friends at the moment. Depends on how this goes.
Penny: Right, right. Anyway, Sheldon here is a huge fan of yours, and he was supposed to meet you
the other day at the comic book store, but he kind of ended up in jail.
Stan Lee: I see. And you thought you’d just come over to my house uninvited?
Sheldon: You said we were invited.
Penny: Oh, no, no, I said I’m inviting you to come with me to Stan Lee’s house.
Stan Lee: You know, you fan boys are unbelievable. Do you think you can just ring my doorbell any
time you want? I mean, why don’t you just come on in and watch the Lakers game with me?
Sheldon: Well, I’m not much of a sports fan, but thank you.
Penny: I’m sorry. He doesn’t really understand sarcasm.

Stan Lee: Well, I’ll give him something he’ll understand. Joanie, call the police!
Penny: Nice to meet you.
Scene: The apartment.

Raj: Fantastic Four, Daredevil, Invincible Iron Man, Happy Hogan, Curt Connors…
Howard: Would you just let it go?
Raj: And worst of all, Fin Fang Foom.
Leonard (as Sheldon enters): Hey, where’ve you been?
Sheldon: I’ll tell you where I’ve been. You boys may have had gelato with Stan Lee and gotten
autographed comics, but I saw the inside of his house and got an autographed application for a
restraining order.
Howard: Sweet.
Sheldon: Plus, I get to hang out with him again at the hearing. This is going to look great hanging next
to my restraining order from Leonard Nimoy.

