Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 17
Scene: The stairwell. Leonard is carrying a large box.
Leonard: Why do I always have to carry the heavy stuff?
Sheldon: Well, it’s very simple. In our ragtag band of scientists with nothing to lose, I’m the smart
one, Wolowitz is the funny one, and Koothrappali is the lovable foreigner who struggles to understand
our ways and fails. That leaves you, by default, as the muscle.
Leonard: One more floor, and I’d be the pulled muscle.
Penny (who is inside the apartment): Oh, it’s about time, I’m starving.
Leonard: Uh, well, we didn’t actually get Chinese food.
Penny: Why not?
Leonard: Don’t panic, this is better.
Penny: Oh, no, you didn’t trade the food for magic beans, did you?
Sheldon: Of course not. And, technically, magic beans would be food, although eating them would be
quite a waste, since you could plant them and overnight have a giant beanstalk, which would provide
enough roughage for a small city.
Penny: Yeah, sometimes I don’t listen, sometimes I just watch your jaw go up and down.
Leonard: We were on our way to the Chinese restaurant when we thought we saw Adam West, so we
followed him.
Penny: Who’s Adam West?
Sheldon: Who’s Adam West? Leonard, what do the two of you talk about after the coitus?
Howard: My guess is, “Hey, four minutes! New record!” That’s why I’m the funny one.
Leonard: Anyway, we followed the guy to this garage sale, and they had the coolest stuff.
Howard: They were closing up. We got this whole box for sixty bucks.
Leonard: We didn’t even get to go through it all. There could be anything in here.
Penny: There a new girlfriend in there? ‘Cause you might need one.
Leonard: No. But there is an original final draft Ghostbusters script with actual slime stains! (Raj
whispers to Leonard) Oh, you’re right, it’s Ghostbusters 2. Never mind.

Howard: Oh, my God. An Alf doll. When I was 11 my mother got me one to help me sleep after my
dad left. I used to pretend that my dad had moved to the planet Melmac, and Alf was going to bring
him back to me. But he never did. Where’s my daddy, puppet? Where is he?
Penny: That is so sad.
Sheldon: No, what’s sad is that you don’t know Adam West was TV’s Batman.
Credits sequence

Scene: The same
Leonard: Here’s Spock’s head with no body. Here’s Mr. T’s body with no head. Oh, yeah, here’s
Spock’s body with Mr. T’s head. I pity the fool who’s illogical.
Penny: Okay, I’m just gonna go home and make a grilled cheese and window-shop on eHarmony.
Leonard: Okay, bye.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Ooh, look, an Indiana Jones connect-the-dots.
Raj: And an Aquaman action figure.
Howard: Looks like someone drew a penis on him.
Raj: Huh? That’ll come off.
Howard: You see what you’re doing? Stop that.
Sheldon: Fascinating.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: It appears to be a Lord of the Rings ring.
Leonard: Oh.
Raj: It’s even got the Elvish engraving on it.
Sheldon: It’s not Elvish. It’s the language of Mordor written in Elvish script. One Ring to
rule them all.
Raj: One Ring to find them.
Howard: One Ring to bring them all.

Leonard: And in the darkness bind them.
Raj: Holy crap, are we nerdy.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Howard: So, I was doing some checking on the ring.
Raj: Hold on. Sheldon, is there ketchup on that table?
Sheldon: Yes, there is. Oh, here’s a fun fact, ketchup started out as a general term for sauce, typically
made of, uh, mushrooms or fish brine with herbs and spices. Some popular early main ingredients
included blueberry, anchovy, oyster, kidney bean and grape.
Raj: No, that’s okay. I’ll get it.
Howard: Listen, I was looking at the ring, and it seemed a little weird. No copyright notice on it. So, I
took it down to this buddy of mine who deals with, shall we say, the seedy underbelly of the
collectibles world.
Leonard: Seedy underbelly?
Howard: You know, your black market phasers, your screen-worn Lieutenant Uhura panties, that kind
of stuff.
Raj: Who’s this mysterious buddy you suddenly have?
Howard: Just a guy. I know a guy.
Raj: Is it Eddie Crispo?
Howard: No, I can’t tell you who it is. Stop asking.
Raj: Who else could it be? It has to be Eddie Crispo.
Howard: I know lots of dangerous people, okay?
Raj: Name one.
Howard: Eddie Crispo. Anyway, he said this isn’t a replica. It’s the real deal.
Sheldon: If you’re suggesting that that is the actual ring of power forged by Sauron in Mount Doom, I
look at you with an expression of exhaustion and ever so slight amusement.
Leonard: He’s not saying it’s a magic ring. You’re not, are you?
Howard: No, but it’s close. Look at the markings inside. Those are production markings. Nine rings
were made for use in the Lord of the Rings movies. Three were given to members of the cast. The rest
were destroyed. Except one. One was stolen. Gentlemen, this is the one ring.
Sheldon (snatching it): Mine!

Leonard: No, it is not yours. We all went in on the box together.
Sheldon: Well, yes, but I found it in the box, and the laws of maritime salvage clearly state that the
finder of a sunken treasure is the owner of the treasure.
Leonard: How is this maritime salvage?
Sheldon: Other than the lack of water, how is it not?
Raj: Wait, wait. Sheldon, stop being crazy for a second. How much is something like this worth?
Howard: Well, it’s tough to say since it’s hot, but on the underground market, my guy figures…
Raj: Your guy Eddie Crispo?
Howard: Yes. He figures ten, maybe 15 thousand.
Raj: Okay, that’s a lot of money. The wise thing to do is invest it in something practical. Like a jet ski.
Howard: Why do you want a jet ski?
Raj: All the wealthy and beautiful people in movies ride Jet Skis. That can’t just be a coincidence.
Sheldon: We can’t sell it. We have to keep it and love it and polish it, and only take it out occasionally
when we go to the park and re-enact our favourite scenes from the movies.
Howard: It’s sad how great that sounds.
Leonard: Guys, it’s stolen. It should go back to Peter Jackson. He made the movies, it belongs to him.
Howard: Fine. He can have it back as long as he promises to make me a hobbit in his next movie.
Raj: There are no Jewish hobbits.
Howard: Clearly, you’ve never been to my house for dinner on Rosh Hashanah.
Leonard: We are not blackmailing Peter J… All right, where’s the ring?
Sheldon: You mean my ring?
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: The ring was unguarded, it was just sitting on the table, anyone could have taken it. Proof? I
did.
Leonard: Give me that.
Raj: Look, let’s be reasonable. We all want to do different things with the ring, but your ideas are
stupid, and I want a jet ski.
Sheldon: I found it. The ring is mine. I don’t understand why in this group I never get my way.

Leonard: You always get your way.
Sheldon: I’ll stipulate to that if you give me the ring.
Penny: Hey, guys. Enjoying your food that I actually brought you instead of promising food, but
bringing you a box of random crap?
Leonard: Yeah, it’s delicious, the sarcasm’s a little stale, though. Hey, how about this? Until we figure
out what to do with the ring, Penny holds on to it.
Penny: What ring?
Leonard: This ring.
Sheldon: Looking for something?
Leonard: Will you hold on to this for a couple of days?
Penny: Why?
Leonard: It’s a prop from a movie, and we’re kind of fighting over it.
Penny: Okay, just to be clear, the first piece of jewellery my boyfriend gives me is a prop from a
movie, and I don’t even get to keep it?
Howard: If you had gone out with me three years ago, by now, you’d have my great Aunt Ida’s
brooch that she smuggled out of occupied Belgium in a cat.
Leonard: How am I looking now?
Scene: Penny and Leonard are asleep in Leonard’s bed. Sheldon creeps in and tries to take the ring
from round Penny’s neck, but she turns over. He tries to make buzzing fly noises to get her to turn
back, but she turns all the way the other way. He then uses an extender with a claw on the end to lif
the ring from Penny’s chest. As he tries to remove it, she wakes up, screams, and punches him in the
face.
Sheldon: Ow! You hit me! I’m bleeding!
Leonard: What was that?
Penny: Sheldon tried to take the ring and I punched him.
Leonard: That’s my girl.
Scene: The cafeteria.

Howard: So, Sheldon, how’s it feel to get beaten up by a girl?

Sheldon: It’s not the first time. I have a twin sister whose assaults began in utero. If only I’d had the
presence of mind to reabsorb her, then I’d have a mole with hair in it instead of a tedious yearly
Christmas letter.
Raj: Gentlemen, have you come to the realization that the only reasonable course of action is to sell
the ring and divide the money?
Leonard: No.
Raj: I was afraid of that. (Opens his laptop to reveal an Indian looking man on a webcam.) Go ahead.
Man on Screen: Greetings from Mumbai. I am Raj’s attorney, Venkatesh Koothrappali.
Raj: Also my cousin.
Howard: You brought a lawyer?
Venkatesh: Don’t answer that. I’ll get straight to the point. My client’s prepared to surrender any
interest he has in the ring in exchange for two Kawasaki Jet Skis.
Leonard: We’re not giving him two Jet Skis.
Venkatesh: Look, we’re big boys, why don’t we just cut to the chase and meet in the middle? One
Kawasaki Jet Ski, done and done.
Leonard: No Jet Skis.
Venkatesh: All right, forget the Jet Skis.
Raj: Forget the Jet Skis? That was our line in the sand! What happened to “tear them a new one?”
Venkatesh: What can I say? They played hardball. We lost.
Raj: You’re useless.
Venkatesh: I told you that when you hired me.
Raj: I’m signing off now.
Venkatesh: Call your mother, she worries.
Howard: Okay, just so you know, if we’re bringing in cousins who are lawyers, prepare for shock and
awe.
Leonard: You know what? I am ending this. Penny didn’t want to hold the ring anymore. She gave it
to me, I have it. I’m sending it back. Where’s the ring?
Sheldon: You mean this ring? Next time be aware of your surroundings while urinating in a public
men’s room.
Leonard: Give me that.

Sheldon: No, it’s mine.
Raj: It’s all of ours. (They begin to struggle over the ring.)
Leonard: Okay, now, this is ridiculous!
Howard: Then let go!
Leonard: I’m not letting go, you let go.
Howard: I say this ring belongs to the last person who can hold on.
Leonard: Fine. But can’t we go home and start this?
Raj: Sure. Let go of the ring.
Leonard: All right, it starts now.
Howard: You do realize there’s a giant bug movie marathon tonight on the Syfy Channel. (They start
to move away from the table while all still holding the ring.)
Raj: Wait, my laptop. (They go back for it.)
Scene: The stairwell. The guys are coming up the stairs, all still holding the ring.

Howard: You know, there’s a point when this becomes idiotic.
Leonard: And it wasn’t when we were driving like this?
Sheldon: I would advise the three of you that resistance is futile. I have endless patience. I once spent
two-and-a-half hours on hold with Hewlett-Packard customer service just to complain about their
customer service.
Leonard: You want to talk about endless patience? Penny made me watch all five seasons of Sex and
the City.
Raj: There are six seasons, dude.
Leonard: Oh, crap!
Raj: No, no, no, the sixth season is great. We go to Paris with Carrie and get our heart broken, and
then Mr. Big shows up, we don’t know if we can trust him again. It’s a wild ride.
Leonard: Door. (Leonard tries to unlock the door and drops the keys.)
Raj: Okay, everybody, and plie. And relevae.
Penny: Whatcha doin’?

Leonard: Last one holding the ring decides its fate. I know, it sounds silly.
Penny: No, no, no, no, no, no, you are my boyfriend. Nothing you do is silly to me.
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: FYI, this is a bag from Victoria’s Secret.
Leonard: I’m out.
Scene: The apartment. The three guys are still holding the ring. Howard is on the phone.
Howard: I’m sorry, Ma, I have to stay late at the office.
Raj: No, he’s doesn’t! He’s lying to you!
Howard: Will you be quiet?
Raj: Well, if you want privacy let go of the ring. I’m so glad we came to this gentile strip club!
Howard, here’s more bacon to tuck into the shiksa’s G-string!
Howard: I’ll call you back.
Raj: I think it’s lovely you call your mommy and let her know you’re going to be late for dinner.
From what I know about these things, if a woman doesn’t breast-feed on time, it’s very uncomfortable
for her boobies.
Howard: Don’t you talk about my mother’s boobies!
Raj: If you’re offended, let go of the ring and go on home to your mother’s boobies.
Sheldon: Excellent, excellent. Tire each other out, the ring will be mine. Howard, why don’t you go
after Raj’s mother?
Raj: Why don’t we go after your mother?
Sheldon: Go ahead. I have no illusions about my mother. She is a kind, loving, religiously fanatical
right-wing Texan with a slightly out-of-scale head and a mild Dr. Pepper addiction. Anything you’d
like to add?
Howard: That’s not gonna Better pull out the big gun.
Raj: You’re right. Let’s talk about your grandmother.
Sheldon: No! I call no Meemaws.
Raj: Think about this. The only way your mother was born was your Meemaw had sex.
Sheldon: I don’t want to hear this.
Howard: Then let go of the ring and walk away.

Sheldon: Never.
Howard: All right. I’ll bet your Meemaw didn’t just have sex to have your mother. I bet she had sex
because she liked it.
Sheldon: Stop it!
Raj: Yeah, Meemaw did the nasty.
Sheldon: I said stop it!
Howard: We’re getting to him.
Sheldon: Waterfalls!
Raj: What?
Sheldon: Waterfalls. Crashing waves. Babbling brooks.
Howard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: Subliminal messaging. I’m going to make you want to pee. Dripping faucets. Leaky gutter.
Peeing.
Raj: It’s, it’s not working, dude.
Sheldon: Oh-ho-ho, it’s working all right. I have to pee.
Raj: Then let go of the ring and go.
Howard: No, actually, I wouldn’t mind going, too.
Raj: Fine. Um, on the count of three. One, two…
Sheldon: Wait, just to clarify. When you get to three, do we stand up or do we pee?
Howard: We stand up.
Sheldon: Excellent choice.
Raj: Three.
Howard: Something tells me this was a bad day to wear suede shoes.
Scene: Sometime later. The guys are on the settee. Howard is seen asleep, he is not holding the ring.
The camera pans along to where Sheldon and Raj still hold the ring. Raj, also asleep, lets go and
cuddles up to Howard.
Sheldon: I’ve done it! I’ve won! The ring is mine! It’s mine! (He runs to the bathroom) We’re going
to clean it up and make it pretty. My own. My love. My precious. (He looks in the mirror and has
turned into golem. He screams and wakes up, still on the settee.) Where’s the ring?

Leonard: It’s in a FedEx box on its way back to where it came from.
Raj: The fires of Mount Doom?
Leonard: Peter Jackson’s office in New Zealand. It wasn’t ours.
Howard: You quit the game! You had no right to take it.
Leonard: I came in here, you guys were all sleeping. The ring was on the floor. No one was touching
it.
Raj: Well, so then we start the game over until there’s a winner.
Leonard: There wasn’t ever going to be a winner. There was going to be a selfish, petty person with a
ring and three people who used to be his friend. Is that really what you guys want? ‘Cause if it is, fine,
I don’t want anything to do with you. And I don’t know what happened in that bathroom, but I am not
cleaning it up! (Goes to his bedroom. Takes a box from under his bed. Takes out the ring.) My
precious.
Scene: Leonard and Penny are asleep in Leonard’s bed. The extender and claw reaches across and
pulls down the sheet revealing the ring on a chain round Leonard’s neck.
Sheldon: I knew it. Give us the precious!
Leonard: NEVER!
(They begin to struggle, both shouting “give it”, “give it to me” and “it’s mine” at various intervals.
Penny gets out of the bed and heads out the door.)
Penny: Ugh, gotta go back to dating dumb guys from the gym.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 18
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Raj: Okay in Avatar when they have sex in Pandora they hook up their ponytails, so we know their
ponytails are like their junk.
Howard: Yeah, so?
Raj: So, when they ride horses and fly on the birds, they also use their ponytails.
Howard: What’s your point?
Raj: My point is, if I were a horse or a bird, I’d be very nervous around James Cameron.
Sheldon: It amazes me how you constantly obsess over fictional details when there are more
important things in the real world to worry about. For example, why wasn’t William Shatner in the
new Star Trek movie?
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, I was up in the administration office, and I happened to overhear the name of
the winner of this year’s Chancellor’s Award for Science.
Sheldon: And you want to rub my nose in the fact that my contributions are being overlooked again? I
am the William Shatner of theoretical physics. All right, I’ll play. What self-important, preening fraud
are they honouring this year?
Leonard: Oh, I’m so glad you asked it like that. You.
Sheldon: I won?
Leonard: You won.
Sheldon: I won! This is astonishing. Not that I won the award, no one deserves it more. Actually, I
guess I misspoke. It’s not astonishing, more like inevitable. I’m not sure what to do first. Maybe I
should call my mother. Wait! I know, I’m going to conduct an interview with myself and post it
online.
Raj: Well, good for him.
Howard: Yeah, the one thing the William Shatner of theoretical physics needed was an ego boost.
Credits sequence

Scene: The apartment. The guys are watching Avatar in 3D. All are wearing 3D glasses except Raj.
Howard: Didn’t it look like that spear was going to go right through your skull?

Raj: No.
Leonard: Hey, you didn’t want a Slurpee at 7-Eleven, you don’t get glasses.
Sheldon (phone rings): Oh, that will be another congratulatory call for me. Uh, mute, please.
Howard: Uh, hang on, flaming arrow.
Sheldon: Hello? Oh, Chancellor Morton, how are you, sir? Yes, I was expecting your call (aside)
three years ago. I see. Wait. What happens if I choose not to give a speech? Uh-huh. And if I don’t
want to forfeit the award? Well, you’ve got that tied up in a neat little bow. All right. Thank you.
(Hangs up) Problem.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: They expect me to give a speech at the banquet. I can’t give a speech.
Howard: Well, no, you’re mistaken. You give speeches all the time. What you can’t do is shut up.
Raj: Yeah, before the movie, you did 20 minutes on why guacamole turns brown. It turned brown
while you were talking.
Sheldon: I am perfectly comfortable speaking to small groups. I cannot speak to large crowds.
Leonard: What, to you, is a large crowd?
Sheldon: Any group big enough to trample me to death. General rule of thumb is 36 adults or 70
children.
Penny: Sheldon, congratulations. Brought you cheesecake from work. You know, ’cause of your
award, not because a busboy sneezed on it.
Sheldon: I’m not accepting the award.
Penny: Why not?
Howard: Turns out the great Sheldon Cooper has stage fright.
Penny: That’s no reason to back out. You know, I once got a pretty big honour in high school, and I
was terrified about appearing in front of a big crowd, but I went through with it, and you know what?
The world looked pretty darn good sitting on a haystack in the back of a Ford F-150 as a member of
the Corn Queen’s court.
Sheldon: Thank you. Yeah, I’ll bear that in mind if I’m ever nominated for the Hillbilly Peace Prize.
Leonard: Sheldon, you’re being ridiculous.
Sheldon: Am I? Let me tell you a story.
Howard: Where’s 70 children when you need ‘em?

Sheldon: I was 14 and graduating summa cum laude from college. Summa cum laude is Latin for with
highest honours.
Penny: I just love how you always skip over the part where no one asks.
Sheldon: I was valedictorian and expected to give an address. Even now, I can remember that moment
when I walked up to the podium and looked out at the crowd. There must have been thousands of
people. My heart started pounding in my chest. I began to hyperventilate. My vision became blurry,
and before I knew it… oh, dear. (He faints.)
Penny: Oh, my God.
Leonard: Sheldon? Sheldon, are you okay?
Sheldon: Don’t trample me.
Scene: The stairwell. Sheldon is on the phone.
Sheldon: Come on, Mother, you know why I can’t accept the award. With all due respect, I don’t
think praying will help. No, I have not heard the song, Jesus, Take the Wheel. No, no, no, no, no, no,
no, you don’t need to start singing it. Yes, I’ll buy it on the iTunes, Mother. Good-bye, Mother.
(Enters apartment. The others are sitting as if waiting for him.) Hello.
Leonard: Sit down, we want to talk to you.
Sheldon: Am I in trouble? Did my mother call you?
Penny: Just sit.
Leonard: We think we can help you with your stage fright.
Sheldon: Oh, I doubt that. I haven’t figured out a way, and I’m much smarter than all of you.
Penny: Yes, but you’re not smarter than all of us put together.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m sorry, that is what I meant.
Penny: Okay, your problem is, you’re trying to do this all by yourself.
Leonard: We can help you. We can be your team. Like, uh, Professor Xavier and his X-Men.
Sheldon: I do like the X-Men.
Penny: Did I see X-Men?
Leonard: Yeah, we watched it last week. You said you liked it.
Penny: Oh. I say a lot of things, sweetie. So, how about it, Sheldon?
Sheldon: I don’t know. If you’re my X-Men, what are your powers?

Penny: Okay. Well, I am going to take you shopping, get you a nice suit. Might give you more
confidence.
Sheldon: That’s not exactly a mutation that would get you into Xavier’s School for Gifted Youngsters,
but go on. Leonard?
Leonard: I thought I could try to analyze you and get to the root of your anxiety.
Sheldon: What qualifies you to attempt to understand my mind?
Leonard: My mother is a highly regarded psychiatrist, and I’ve been in therapy ever since she accused
me of breast-feeding co-dependently.
Howard: Raj says he can teach you, what did you call it? I don’t know, some Indian meditation crap.
Sheldon: I see. Well, I assume, since the rest of you have set the bar so low, you’re saving the most
impressive contribution for last. Go ahead, Howard. Dazzle me.
Howard: My power is the ability to pretend like I give a damn about your piddly-ass problems. And
that’s 24-7, buddy.
Sheldon: And I appreciate the pretence.
Penny: So, what do you say, Sheldon? Are we your X-Men?
Sheldon: No. The X-Men were named for the X in Charles Xavier. Since I am Sheldon Cooper, you
will be my C-Men.
Howard: Oh, that’s not a good name.
Scene: The apartment. Raj is lighting candles. Indian music is playing.
Raj: Okay, Sheldon. I’m going to be leading you through a series of meditation exercises. These
methods come from the ancient gurus of India and have helped me overcome my own fears.
Sheldon: And yet, you can’t speak to women.
Raj: True, but thanks to meditation, I am able to stay in the same room with them without urinating.
Now, close your eyes.
Sheldon: Okay, but don’t punch me.
Raj: What?
Sheldon: When I was little, my sister would say to me, close your eyes, you’ll get a surprise, and then
she’d punch me.
Raj: I’m not going to punch you.
Sheldon: That’s what my sister used to say.

Raj: Do you want to do this or not?
Sheldon: I’m sorry. Proceed.
Raj: All right. Imagine yourself in the one place you feel most at home. Where is that?
Sheldon: Sim City. More specifically, the Sim City I designed, Sheldonopolis.
Raj: Okay, you’re in Sheldonopolis.
Sheldon: Where exactly? Sheldon Square? Sheldon Towers? Sheldon Stadium, home of the Fighting
Sheldons?
Raj: Whatever you like.
Sheldon: I thought this was supposed to be a guided meditation.
Raj: Fine. You’re in Sheldon Square.
Sheldon: Really? This time of year? It’s a bit nippy.
Raj: Then, put on a sweater.
Sheldon: Suppose I could run downtown and pick up something at Shel-Mart.
Raj: Yeah, whatever. Just go buy a sweater.
Sheldon: You know, the nice thing about Shel-Mart is I own it, so I get a 15% discount.
Raj: You own the damn thing. Just take a freaking sweater!
Sheldon: Look, I didn’t turn a profit last quarter by taking product off the shelves willy-nilly.
Raj: All right. You’ve paid for a sweater, and you’re in Sheldon Square.
Sheldon: Hang on. It’s a cardigan. I have to button it. Oh, no.
Raj: What now?
Sheldon: A Godzilla-like monster is approaching the city. I have to get my people to safety. People of
Sheldonopolis, this is your mayor. Follow me. If the children can’t run, leave them behind. Oh, the
simulated horror! (Sound of door slamming) Raj? Just as I suspected. Meditation is nothing but
hokum.
Scene: A clothing store.
Sheldon: I question your premise. How is a new suit going to prevent me from passing out in front of
a ballroom full of people?
Penny: It’ll give you confidence. You know, sometimes when I’m feeling all stressed out about
something, I go out and buy a cute top or a fun skirt and I have a whole new outlook on life.

Sheldon: Don’t you eventually realize you’re just the same stressed out person in a cute top or a fun
skirt?
Penny: Yeah, that’s when I buy shoes. Now, let’s see what we’ve got. Ooh! This is nice.
Sheldon: It’s only one colour.
Penny: Yeah, so?
Sheldon: That’s a lot of money for only one colour.
Penny: Fine. Why don’t you pick out what you like.
Sheldon: Hmm. (Cut to Sheldon exiting changing room in a loud check suit). This is pretty sharp.
Penny: No, you’re wrong.
Sheldon (now in a sparkly green suit with rhinestones): This is great. I had a suit like this when I was
six. (Cut to Sheldon exiting in a white dinner suit with tails) Okay, I think we have a winner.
Penny: Where the hell d’you find that?
Sheldon: In the prom department.
Penny: It’s ridiculous.
Sheldon: Says the former member of the Corn Queen’s Court.
Penny: Please just try this one on.
Sheldon: Okay. But anything I put on now is only going to suffer in comparison. (Goes into changing
room. Comes out in black suit looking terrific.) This is absurd. I look like a clown.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So, Sheldon, how you doing?
Sheldon: That’s how you start a psychotherapy session? How am I doing? I was promised a riverboat
journey into the jungles of my subconscious. Instead, I get the same question I hear from the lady who
slices my bologna at Ralph’s.
Leonard: I’m sorry, I’ll start again.
Sheldon: Would it be helpful to you if I told you about my dreams?
Leonard: Um, I don’t know, maybe.
Sheldon: I recently had a dream that I was a giant. But everything around me was to scale, so it all
looked normal.
Leonard: How did you know you were a giant if everything was to scale?

Sheldon: I was wearing size a million pants.
Leonard: Why don’t we just talk?
Sheldon: Ah, the talking cure. Classical Freudian, good choice. If it will help speed things along, uh,
my answers to the standard Rorschach ink blot test are A, a bat, B, a bat, C, a bat, and D, my father
killing my mother with a hypodermic needle.
Leonard: Why don’t I just start? Sometimes people have trouble accepting accolades if, on a
subconscious level, they don’t feel they deserve them. Do you think maybe that’s what’s happening
here?
Sheldon: Really, Leonard? You’re just going to try to recycle Adler’s doctrine of the inferiority
complex? I could probably get that from the woman at Ralph’s. And she’d let me taste some pieces of
cheese for free.
Leonard: But it could be part of your problem. Let me give you an example. When I was eight, I won
a ribbon at the science fair for my project, “Do Lima Beans Grow Better to Classical Music.” But my
mother pointed out that it was just a rehash of my brother’s earlier “Do Lima Beans Grow Worse to
Rock ‘n’ Roll.” I felt so guilty, I gave the ribbon back.
Sheldon: And how did that make you feel?
Leonard: Terrible. I worked really hard on that project. I stayed up all night singing the clown’s aria
from Pagliacci to a lima bean sprout.
Sheldon: Go on.
Leonard: It wasn’t my fault. I had never seen my brother’s project. And my mother could’ve told me
before instead of at the ceremony in front of everyone.
Sheldon: So, I hear you saying you’re angry with your mother.
Leonard: Damn right, I’m angry with my mother. For God’s sake, I was eight years old. She
humiliated me. That’s when the bed-wetting started again.
Sheldon: Thank you, Leonard.
Leonard: For what?
Sheldon: If someone as damaged as you can find his way to crawl out of bed each morning, I think I
can face a simple award ceremony.
Leonard: Wait, that’s it? I thought we had a whole hour!
Scene: The award ceremony.
Leonard: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Dr. Leonard Hofstadter, and it is my very
great honour to introduce the winner of this year’s Chancellor’s award for Science and my good
friend, Dr. Sheldon Cooper. But before I do, I’d like to share with you a letter from Sheldon’s mother,
who couldn’t be here tonight. Isn’t that nice? His mother sent him a letter. She’s proud of him. I
wonder what that feels like. Dear Shelly. That’s what she calls him. Shelly, it’s a pet name. You know

what my mother’s pet name for me is? Leonard. But I digress. Dear Shelly. I am so proud of…
(continues as background noise)
Sheldon: Oh, dear.
Penny: What’s the matter?
Sheldon: I’m getting dizzy.
Raj: Don’t worry. You’re surrounded by your C-Men.
Sheldon: I can’t do this. I’m going to faint.
Penny: Here, drink this. It’ll relax you.
Sheldon: Alcohol? I don’t drink alcohol.
Penny: Fine, faint.
Sheldon: I don’t feel different, this alcohol’s defective.
Penny: Here, see if this one works.
Leonard (still talking): First of all, the projects were totally different. I was showing that classical
music nurtures lima beans and makes them grow, but my mother didn’t hear me. If you’d like to look
at the relationship between nurturing and growth, I’d like to point out that my brother is eight inches
taller than me.
Sheldon: I’m ready.
Leonard: Oh, right. Ladies and gentlemen, our guest of honour, Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon: Thanks, shorty,I’ll take it from here. All right, you people ready to have some fun? You
have a basic understanding of differential calculus and at least one year of algebraic topology? Well,
then here come the jokes. Why did the chicken cross the Mobius strip? To get to the same side,
bazinga! All right, a neutron walks into a bar and asks, how much for a drink? The bartender says, for
you, no charge. Hello? I know you’re out there. I can hear you metabolizing oxygen and expelling
carbon dioxide. Looks like we have some academic dignitaries in the audience. Dr. Randall from the
geology department, only man who’s happy when they take his work for granite. Ba-da cha! I kid the
geologists, of course, but it’s only ’cause I have no respect for the field. Let’s get serious for a
moment. Why are we all here? ‘Cause we’re scientists. And what do scientists study? The universe.
And what’s the universe made of? I am so glad you asked. (Singing) There’s antimony, arsenic,
aluminium, selenium, and hydrogen and oxygen and nitrogen and rhenium, and nickel, neodymium,
neptunium, germanium… Everybody! And iron, americium, ruthenium, uranium, europium,
zirconium, lutetium, vanadium… Just the Asians! And lanthanum and osmium, and astatine and
radium…
Scene: The apartment.

Sheldon: Penny, Leonard. Would you be able to answer some questions I’m having about the events
of last night?
Penny: Sure.
Sheldon: Question one, where are my pants?
Leonard: You might want to check YouTube.
Sheldon: What do I search?
Leonard: It’s already loaded. Just hit play.
On-screen Sheldon: All right, people, let’s get down to the math. It is only three dimensional thinking
that limits our imagination. Can I take my pants off over my head? Of course not. My body’s in the
way. But if we had access to higher dimensions, we could move our pants around our bodies through
the fourth dimension and our days of dropping trousers would be over.
Sheldon: Oh, Lord, this couldn’t be any more humiliating.
Leonard: Uh-uh, give it a minute.
On-screen Sheldon: Now, for the astronomers in the audience, get ready to see the dark side of the
moon. And here’s Uranus.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 19
Scene: Leonard and Penny are in Penny’s bed.
Penny: Having a little trouble catching your breath there?
Leonard: No, no, I’m good. If my P.E. teachers had told me this is what I was training for, I would
have tried a lot harder.
Penny: Do or do not. There is no try.
Leonard: Did you just quote Star Wars?
Penny: I believe I quoted Empire Strikes Back.
Leonard: Oh, my God. I’m lying in bed with a beautiful woman who can quote Yoda. I love you,
Penny.
Penny: Oh. Oh. Thank you.
Leonard: You’re welcome. I just wanted to put that out there.
Penny: Oh, yeah, no, I, I’m, I’m glad.
Leonard: Good. Glad is good.
Penny: Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Um. So, it’s getting pretty late. We should probably go to sleep.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Hmm.
Leonard: Yeah, probably.
Penny: Okay, good night, sweetie.
Leonard: Good night.
Credits sequence
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Hey, Leonard, where do you come down on giant ants?

Raj: Sheldon says impossible. Howard and I say not only possible, but as a mode of transportation,
way cooler than a Batmobile.
Sheldon: You are ignoring the square-cube law. The giant ant would be crushed under the weight of
its own exoskeleton. And for the record, the appropriate ranking of cool modes of transportation is jet
pack, hoverboard, transporter, Batmobile, and then giant ant.
Leonard: Seriously? You have nothing better to do than sit around and discuss the possibility of giant
ants?
Howard: What’s with him?
Sheldon: Perhaps he’s at a sensitive point in his monthly cycle.
Howard: Are you saying he’s man-struating?
Sheldon: Not literally. But as far back as the 17th century, scientists observed a 33-day fluctuation in
men’s hormone levels.
Raj: Interesting. That might explain my weepy days in the middle of the month. You know what I’m
talking about.
Scene: The comic book store.
Howard: Okay, forget giant ants. How about giant rabbits?
Raj: Big or small, I don’t like rabbits. They always look like they’re about to say something, but they
never do.
Sheldon: Rabbits do have a respiratory system that would support great size. And on a side note, they
are one of the few mammals whose scrotum is in front of the penis.
Raj: Maybe that’s what they want to talk about.
Howard: Leonard, where do you stand on giant rabbits and scrotal position?
Leonard: I honestly don’t care.
Raj: Really? Because every time we’ve talked about unusual animal genitals, you’ve always had some
pretty strong and controversial opinions.
Leonard: What do you want from me? I just don’t give a rat’s ass.
Howard: Would that be a giant rat’s ass?
Sheldon: For the record, giant rats are possible.
Leonard: Can we please talk about something else? Maybe something vaguely related to life as we
know it on this planet?
Howard: Okay, how about this for a topic, why is Leonard being a giant douche? Assuming giant
douches are possible.

Sheldon: Of course they are. Leonard’s being one.
Raj: Maybe he’s having a lover’s spat with Penny.
Leonard: No, there was no spat.
Howard: Oh, but something happened.
Leonard: I don’t want to talk about it.
Sheldon: But I sense you’re going to and I don’t want to hear about it. Excuse me.
Howard: What’d you do, Romeo? You pour maple syrup all over your body and ask her if she was in
the mood for a short stack?
Raj: Did you think it would be funny to put on a pair of her panties and jump around, but it wound up
just creeping her out?
Leonard: What? No.
Raj: I’m just asking, dude. It happens.
Stuart: You guys still on for bowling tonight?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. In fact, I’ve prepared some trash talk for the occasion. You bowl like your mama.
Unless, of course, she bowls well. In which case, you bowl nothing like her.
Stuart: Oh. Ouch.
Sheldon: That is what is referred to as a burn on you.
Howard: Did you ask her to start waxing?
Leonard: No.
Raj: Did you start waxing?
Leonard: No.
Howard: While making love, did you accidentally spank your own ass and cry out Mommy?
Leonard: I’m walking away from you now.
Howard: That wasn’t a no.
Raj: Yeah, I think we’re getting close.
Scene: The stairwell.
Howard: Did you take a Benadryl and fall asleep while pleasuring her? Because you can die that way.

Raj: Oh, that would be a good way to go.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Oh, hey.
Sheldon: Good, Penny, reminder, bowling tonight at seven o’clock.
Penny: Oh, right, bowling.
Leonard: You don’t have to come if you don’t want to.
Penny: No, no, it’s okay. I mean, let’s face it, you guys would get creamed without me.
Sheldon: We would indeed. In this particular case, your lack of femininity works to our advantage.
Penny: It’s always nice chatting with you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Penny: Thinly veiled contempt.
Sheldon: Remember, seven o’clock.
Penny: Got it.
Sheldon: Pacific Daylight time!
Penny: Bite me!
Sheldon: Please reserve that butch spirit for the lanes.
Scene: The bowling alley.
Howard: I thought you were bringing your own bowling shoes.
Sheldon: These are my own bowling shoes.
Howard: Then what’s with the disinfectant?
Sheldon: I know where my feet have been.
Stuart: Hey, Penny! And you guys. Albino Bob couldn’t make it, so I brought a substitute. I believe
some of you know Wil Wheaton.
Wil: Hi, Sheldon. How’s it going?
Sheldon: Well, well, well. If it isn’t Wil Wheaton, the Green Goblin to my Spider-Man, the Pope Paul
the fifth to my Galileo, the Internet Explorer to my Firefox.
Wil: You’re not still carrying a grudge because I beat you at that card tournament, are you?

Sheldon: I’m the proud owner of Wil Wheaton stinks dot com, dot net, and dot org. What does that
tell you?
Wil: It tells me that I am living rent-free right here (pointing at Sheldon’s head). You ready to bowl?
Sheldon: Oh, I’m ready. I don’t know if Stuart told you what you’re up against tonight, but before you
stands the co-captain of the East Texas Christian Youth Holy Roller Bowling League championship
team. Seven to twelve year-old division. Also, Penny’s pretty good.
Wil: Great. Then it’s on.
Sheldon: Oh, foolish Wil Wheaton, it was never off.
Time lapse.
Wil: Yes!
Sheldon: A common spare. The Miss Congeniality of the bowling pageant. Before you jump on
Twitter to tout your modest accomplishment, watch how it’s really done. I am the ball. My thoughts
are its thoughts. Its holes are my holes. (Gets a strike) Yes. Tweet that, Tweety Bird.
Howard: Hey, I just wanted to tell you I’m a big fan.
Wil: Oh, thanks.
Howard: I’m sure you’re probably sick of Star Trek questions, but, Whoopi Goldberg, you ever hit
that?
Raj: Ah, beer. The magic elixir that can turn this poor, shy Indian boy into the life of the party. Oh,
yeah.
Leonard: Chilli cheese fry?
Penny: Yes. I love chilli cheese fries.
Leonard: Really? You love them?
Penny: Yeah, why?
Leonard: No reason. I’m just glad to hear you’re comfortable saying you love something.
Penny: Do you really want to get into this right now?
Leonard: Get into what? Why wouldn’t you love the chilli cheese fries? They’ve been in your life a
long time. They make you happy. They deserve to know.
Penny: Okay, look, you just caught me by surprise last night. I didn’t know what to say.
Leonard: Okay, well, now you’ve had some time to think about it. So, what do you want to say?
Penny: I’m not sure.

Leonard: How can you not be sure?
Penny: Okay, this isn’t the place to have this conversation.
Leonard: No, the place to have the conversation was in bed after I said, I love you, and you said,
Thank you, good night.
Penny: Don’t push it, Leonard.
Leonard: I am not pushing anything.
Penny: You are. You don’t get to decide when I’m ready to say I love you!
Raj: Ah, the premature I love you.
Howard: I guessed premature. Does that count?
Scene: Penny’s apartment door.

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: This is for you.
Penny: Ice cream?
Sheldon: I’ve been familiarizing myself with female emotional crises by studying the comic strip
Cathy. When she’s upset, she says Ach and eats ice cream.
Penny: Um, Ach.
Sheldon: If you were a cat, I would have brought you a lasagna.
Penny: Did Leonard send you over here?
Sheldon: No, we haven’t spoken since your abrupt departure last night caused us to forfeit to Stuart
and his dastardly ringer Wil Wheaton.
Penny: Yeah, I’m sorry about that.
Sheldon: I’m not too proud to admit that I cried myself to sleep.
Penny: Again, I’m sorry.
Sheldon: And let me tell you sleep did not come easily with Leonard in the next room singing along
with Alanis Morrisette.
Penny: You’re kidding.

Sheldon: No. Clearly another woman in dire need of ice cream.
Penny: All right, Sheldon, what part of this is supposed to make me feel better?
Sheldon: The part where I tell you I’ve engineered a rematch with Stuart’s team for tonight.
Penny: Oh, honey, I don’t know. Things are a little weird with Leonard right now.
Sheldon: You want me to remove him from the team? I’m the captain, I can do that.
Penny: No, no, that’s okay. Just let me talk to him, and I’ll get back to you.
Sheldon: When are you going to talk to him?
Penny: I don’t know.
Sheldon: He’s in the laundry room now. Now would be a good time.
Penny: You’re not gonna leave me alone until I do it, are you?
Sheldon: Oh, I think we both know the answer to that question.
Scene: The laundry room.
Penny: I think we should talk now.
Leonard: What? No, it’s okay. We don’t have to talk ’cause there’s nothing to talk about.
Everything’s good.
Penny: Really? So, you didn’t get all snarky ’cause I said something nice to a bowl of chilli fries?
Leonard: All right, maybe I overreacted. So we’re in two different places emotionally. So what? And
maybe I’m a little ahead of you. That’s fine. You know. In fact, it makes sense, ’cause let’s face it,
I’ve been in this relationship two years longer than you.
Penny: Look, Leonard, you have to know how much I care about you. It’s just that I’ve said the L
word too soon before, and it didn’t work out very well.
Leonard: Really? I wouldn’t know what that’s like.
Penny: I’m sorry. You know what I’m talking about, though.
Leonard: Yeah, I do.
Penny: So, we’re good?
Leonard: Yes, that’s what I’m telling you. We are good. We are great.
Sheldon: All right! Fence mended, problem swept under the rug. Time to bowl! Yes, I was
eavesdropping, there’s a lot at stake here.

Scene: The bowling alley.

Sheldon: Attention, all bowlers. I’ve taken the liberty of having these made for our rematch.
Penny: The Wesley Crushers?
Sheldon: No, not the Wesley Crushers. The Wesley “Crushers.”
Penny: I don’t get it.
Leonard: Wesley Crusher was Wil Wheaton’s character on Star Trek.
Penny: Still don’t get it.
Sheldon: It’s a blindingly clever play on words. By appropriating his character’s name and adding the
S, we imply that we we’ll be the crushers of Wesley.
Penny: Okay, I’m sorry, honey, but the Wesley Crushers sounds like a bunch of people who like
Wesley Crusher.
Sheldon: What? No! Again, it’s not the Wesley Crushers. It’s the Wesley “Crushers.”
Howard: You know, if you want it to mean you’re crushing Wesley, it’d be the “Wesley” Crushers.
Sheldon: Do you people even hear yourselves? It’s not the Wesley Crushers. It’s not the “Wesley”
Crushers. It’s the Wesley “Crushers.”
Wil: Hey, look. They named their team after me.
Sheldon: No, it’s not the… Never mind.
Stuart: So, we’re all clear on the bet and the stakes?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. The losers will be publicly humiliated in a fashion to be chosen by the victor. FYI, I
plan on having you publish a scientific paper expounding the discredited Velikovsky hypothesis.
Stuart: Ouch again.
Wil: Hey, Sheldon, I just wanted you to know that I’m really looking forward to wiping the floor with
you.
Sheldon: Oh, yes? Well, before I respond, let me ask you a question. Is your mother a good or poor
bowler?
Time lapse.

Wil: After you.

Sheldon: No, after you, as we are currently crushing you, Wesley.
Wil: It’s customary for the player on the right-hand lane to bowl first.
Sheldon: All right.
Wil: It’s a custom, not a rule.
Sheldon: I so loathe you.
Wil: That’s right, Sheldon. Embrace the dark side.
Sheldon: That’s not even from your franchise!
Stuart: I, um, I want you to know that even though we’re on opposite sides, I, I bear you no ill will.
Penny: Thank you, Stuart. It’s nice to know.
Stuart: Mmm, mmm. People from opposite sides often have good relationships. You know, Romeo
and Juliet, Tony and Maria from West Side Story, what’s-his-name and the big blue chick in Avatar.
I’m gonna bowl now.
Sheldon: Be the ball, Howard.
Howard: Leave me alone, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You weren’t the ball.
Penny: Hey, thanks.
Leonard: This is fun, huh?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: It’s good that we got out and did something physical.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Leonard: Gets us out of our heads. You get in your head, you start to overthink, overanalyze, obsess,
you worry. That’s not what we’re doing tonight. Tonight we’re just throwing a ball at some pins.
Penny: Yeah, that’s right.
Leonard: Mm-hmm, and someday, we don’t know when, maybe you’ll love me back. Ooh, I’m up.
All (chanting): Shel-don! Shel-don! Shel-don! Shel-don!
Sheldon: Excuse me. I don’t know who you’re chanting for as I am currently the ball.
All (chanting): The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball!

Sheldon: Thank you, Jesus! As my mother would say.
Wil: I’m glad you patched things up with your boyfriend.
Penny: Oh, yeah, me, too.
Wil: It’s always tough when the L bomb gets dropped and you’re not ready for it.
Penny: Tell me about it.
Wil: I dated this one girl, and I told her that I loved her, and she said she wasn’t sure. And she strung
me along for almost two years. It was brutal.
Penny: Oh, I’m sorry.
Wil: Thanks. Yeah, I wish she had just broken up with me right there, put me out of my misery.
Penny: Really?
Wil: Yeah, would have been kinder.
Stuart: Wil, you’re up.
Wil: Oh, that’s me.
Sheldon: Did you let Wil Wheaton get in your head?
Penny: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: He’s evil. He plays evil mind games. Did he tell you his grandmother died?
Penny: No!
Sheldon: Well, if he does, don’t believe it. He’s not above playing the dead meemaw card.
Wil: Yes!
Sheldon: Enjoy the accolades now, Wil Wheaton, but like your time on Star Trek: Next Generation,
your smug self-satisfaction will be short-lived.
Leonard: Penny, you’re up.
Sheldon: All right, remember, his meemaw’s alive and be the ball.
Penny: Yeah, I got it.
Leonard: We really need a strike here.
Penny: I know.
Leonard: So just take your time and concentrate.

Penny: Leonard, stop pressuring me.
Leonard: I’m not pressuring you.
Penny: Yeah, you are! Just back off!
Leonard: Okay, I’m sorry. I’ll shut up.
Penny: I didn’t mean shut up.
Leonard: Fine. Just tell me what to do, and I’ll do it.
Penny: No, this isn’t fair to you, Leonard. I’m sorry.
Sheldon: Wait! Where are you going? Penny, come back! I’ll get you ice cream!
Leonard: No, let her go.
Sheldon: Are you insane? If she leaves, it’s over!
Leonard: I’m pretty sure it’s already over.
Wil: Tough luck, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You did this, didn’t you?
Wil: Do you think I would really break up a couple just to win a bowling match?
Sheldon: No, I suppose not.
Wil: Good. Keep thinking that.
Sheldon: Wheaton!
Scene: The comic book store.
Stuart: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, yeah, I’m telling you the Match.com chicks are much looser than on
eHarmony. You know, I, I gotta call you back. I won a bet, and it’s time to collect.
(The guys enter dressed as female superheroes. Howard is Batgirl, Sheldon is Wonder Woman,
Leonard is Supergirl and Raj is Catwoman.)
Raj: I don’t know about you, but I feel empowered.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 20
Scene: The lobby.
Penny: Oh, damn, they cancelled my Visa. Oh, yay, a new MasterCard!
Sheldon: Uh-oh.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: I was going to get my mail.
Penny: Okay. Are, are you hoping to get it telepathically?
Sheldon: I think you mean telekinetically. And no, I just wasn’t sure of the proper protocol now that
you and Leonard are no longer having coitus.
Penny: God, can we please just say no longer seeing each other?
Sheldon: Well, we could if it were true. But as you live in the same building, you see each other all
the time. The variable which has changed is the coitus.
Penny: Okay, here’s the protocol, you and I are still friends, and you stop saying coitus.
Sheldon: Good, good. I’m glad we’re still friends.
Penny: Really?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. It was a lot of work to accommodate you in my life. I’d hate for that effort to have
been in vain.
Penny: Right.
Sheldon: Just to be clear do I have to stop saying coitus with everyone or just you?
Penny: Everyone.
Sheldon: Harsh terms. But all right, I’ll just substitute intercourse.
Penny: Great.
Sheldon: Or fornication. Yeah. But that has judgmental overtones, so I’ll hold that in reserve.
Penny: So, how you been?
Sheldon: Well, my existence is a continuum, so I’ve been what I am at each point in the implied time
period.

Penny: You’re just coitusing with me, aren’t you?
Sheldon: Bazinga.
Penny: Mmm. How’s Leonard doing?
Sheldon: He seems all right. Although he does spend a disturbing amount of time looking at
photographs of you and smelling the pillow you slept on. Oh, but now that I think of it, he asked me
not to tell you that.
Penny: I’ll pretend I didn’t hear it.
Sheldon: I’d rather you pretend I didn’t say it. I see you bought Mama Italia marinara spaghetti sauce.
Penny: Yep.
Sheldon: That’s the sauce my mother uses. She likes cooking Italian because according to her, that’s
what the Romans made Jesus eat.
Penny: Interesting. I’ll have to have you over for spaghetti some night.
Sheldon: I’m hungry now.
Penny: Oh. Um, okay. Why don’t you give me an hour and come over?
Sheldon: Will you cut up hot dogs into little chunks and mix them in with the sauce?
Penny: I don’t have hot dogs.
Sheldon: Oh, it’s all right, I do. Oh! You’re in for what my mother calls a real Eye-talian treat. (Enters
apartment).
Leonard: Hey, where you been?
Sheldon: I was talking with Penny.
Howard: What’s wrong with you? You can’t hang out with your roommate’s ex. That’s totally uncool.
Leonard: No, no, it’s fine. I don’t care. I’m over it.
Raj: Yeah, he’s over it, that’s why he’s been whining all day about trying to invent that memorywiper gizmo from Men in Black.
Sheldon: Is he making any progress? Because I’d like to erase Ben Affleck as Daredevil.
Howard: So would Ben Affleck. The point is, in a situation like this you got to pick sides. You’re
either on Team Leonard or Team Penny.
Sheldon: Which one picks last?
Howard: What?

Sheldon: Well, usually I’m on the team that picks last. Unless there’s a kid in a wheelchair.
Leonard: Sheldon, I got you your tangerine chicken. I hope you’re hungry.
Sheldon: Well, of course I’m hungry. And as I have no plans to eat with any other team, I will
consume my tangerine chicken with the appropriate gusto. Mm, mm, mm!
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: Just out of curiosity, do we still have hot dogs?
Leonard: I don’t know. Why?
Sheldon: Just making dinner conversation. Go, Team Leonard!
Credits sequence

Scene: A few moments later.
Howard: Oh, God, this is good.
Raj: Let me ask you a question. Do you believe you’re going to go to hell for eating sweet and sour
pork?
Howard: Jews don’t have hell. We have acid reflux.
Leonard: Do you want the last dumpling, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Certainly. It’s not like I have to moderate my food intake because I’m planning on eating
again very shortly. Mm, mm, mm!
Leonard: So, you guys want to do something tonight?
Howard: Nah, I can’t. I got to pick up my mom from her water aerobics class. 18 overweight women
flapping their arm fat in a swimming pool. Looks like the manatee tank at Sea World.
Leonard: What about you, Raj?
Raj: Oh, there it is, now that you don’t have a girlfriend, you want to hang out with me again.
Leonard: I never stopped hanging out with you.
Raj: Oh, please, we all know I’m the friend you call when you have no other options. If we were the
Justice League, I’d be Aquaman.
Howard: I wish you were Aquaman. Then I could send you to scoop my mom out of the old lady tank.
Sheldon: Excuse me, I’m thirsty, so I’m going to go to the refrigerator and get myself a refreshing
beverage.

Leonard: You know what? I’ll just spend the evening alone.
Raj: What, suddenly I’m not good enough for you?
Sheldon: Ah, I do so love beverages. Now I think I’ll take my after-dinner walk.
Leonard: Since when do you take after-dinner walks?
Howard: Yeah, since when do you take walks?
Sheldon: I read a study online that walking after a meal not only aids in digestion, but increases
serotonin, and you know me, if there’s one thing I like more than a refreshing beverage, it’s serotonin.
Bye-bye.
Howard: Hold on. I’ll walk down with you.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s not necessary. You can go first.
Howard: Or we could go together.
Sheldon: I can’t think of a reason why not.
Howard: Let’s go.
Sheldon: Hold on. Nope, no reason.
Raj: I’ve missed you.
Scene: The lobby.
Sheldon: All right, say hello to your mother for me.
Howard: Okay.
Sheldon: What?
Howard: You said you were going for a walk.
Sheldon: I didn’t say outside.
Howard: So what, you’re just gonna walk up and down the stairs?
Sheldon: No, of course not. That would be odd and suspicious behavior.
Woman’s voice: Here Bubbles. Here boy.
Howard: Which way are you going?
Sheldon: Which way are you going?
Howard: I parked my scooter down the block.

Sheldon: I’m going the other way. Bye.
Howard: Bye. Actually, I’m this way. Do I smell hot dogs?
Sheldon: No. I mean, I have no idea what you smell.
Howard: I definitely smell raw hot dog.
Sheldon: Perhaps you’re getting a brain tumour.
Howard: All right, have a nice walk.
Sheldon: I shall. Have a nice scoot.
Howard: You might want to stand back. I’m sitting on top of 13 horses here.
Sheldon: Oh. Hello, doggie. Nice doggie. I bet you think you smell hot dogs. Look, a cat!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Long pause, knock, knock,
knock) Penny. (Penny opens door. A dishevelled Sheldon is holding up one hot dog.) Here. I had to
trade the others for my life.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Hey, Leonard?
Leonard: Yeah?
Raj: I haven’t had sex in a year.
Leonard: Where you going with this, Raj?
Raj: Don’t flatter yourself, dude. I want to go out and meet a woman.
Leonard: So, go.
Raj: Well, I need a wingman. I don’t want to come off like a lonely loser.
Leonard: And you think my presence will help with that?
Raj: Well, I do. Next to you, I’ll look like a catch.
Leonard: I’m not going out tonight, Raj.
Raj: All right. Would you mind if I went to your room and downloaded some Asian pornography?
Leonard: Very much.
Raj: Doesn’t have to be Asian.

Leonard: Don’t worry. You’ll meet a girl someday.
Raj: No, I won’t.
Leonard: Yes, you will, and she’ll be beautiful, and kind and sexy and funny and everything you ever
wanted in a woman.
Raj: You really think so?
Leonard: I do, and you’ll fall hopelessly in love and give her your heart. And she’ll take it and grind it
into pathetic, little pieces.
Raj: But we’ll have sex first, right?
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: Mmm, mmm, mmm. That’s Eye-talian.
Penny: So, um, was Leonard okay with you coming over?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. In fact, he said, I’m fine, I don’t care. And he in no way said it in a manner which
would lead one to believe that he was covering up feelings of anguish and betrayal.
Penny: Well, good.
Sheldon: I’m also pleased to report that he’s all cried out over you.
Penny: He’s been crying?
Sheldon: Oh, I believe that was something else I wasn’t supposed to mention.
Penny: Oh, God, I feel terrible.
Sheldon: Do you have a stomach ache, too?
Penny: No. Why, do you?
Sheldon: No.
Penny: Why did you ask if I had one, too?
Sheldon: Just making polite dinner conversation. Your turn.
Penny: All right. So, what’s new in your life?
Sheldon: Well, my new shoes are not made for running.
Penny: Have you been running?
Sheldon: No. It’s just a suspicion I have. Mmm, mmm, mmm.

Penny: I’m so glad you like it.
Sheldon: I do. Leonard never cooks for me.
Penny: Well, maybe that’s ’cause Leonard can’t cook.
Sheldon: You can’t cook and you made me this.
Penny: Whatever. Ooh, I’m gonna get the cheesecake out of the fridge.
Sheldon: Oh, Lord, I’m in Jewish hell.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Look at this. Do you think she’s really doing that or is it PhotoShop?
Leonard: I’m pretty sure Martha Stewart never got naked with a room full of big, fat Japanese guys.
Raj: You don’t know that. Prison changes people.
Leonard: Hey, where you been?
Sheldon: I told you, walking.
Leonard: For an hour and a half?
Sheldon: I got lost.
Leonard: How could you get lost? Your phone has GPS.
Sheldon: Satellites are down. Solar flares.
Raj: There are no solar flares right now.
Sheldon: Yes, there are.
Raj: Dude, I’m an astrophysicist. If there were solar flares, I’d be all up in it.
Sheldon: I’m sorry. I misspoke. What I meant to say was my battery died.
Leonard: What the hell was that about?
Raj: I don’t know. Do you think this is really Hillary Clinton doing it with Oprah?
Leonard: Oh, we really need to get you a girl.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Leonard is asleep.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (knock, knock, knock) Leonard, (knock, knock, knock)
Leonard.

Leonard: Oh, just come in!
Sheldon: Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
Leonard: What do you want, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Maybe this isn’t a good time.
Leonard: Tell me why you woke me up or I swear to God I will kill you.
Sheldon: Do you really think death threats are an appropriate way to begin this conversation?
Sometimes your lack of social skills astonishes me.
Leonard: What do you want?
Sheldon: You may want to sit down.
Leonard: I’m in bed!
Sheldon: Point taken. You may want to sit up.
Leonard: Sheldon!
Sheldon: I’ve been seeing Penny behind your back.
Leonard: Okay, when you say seeing Penny, what exactly does that mean?
Sheldon: We had dinner last night. She made me spaghetti with little hot dogs cut up in it. Well, little
hot dog. I gave up the other five hot dogs to a real dog. A real, big dog. A hell hound. Tangential to
the primary story. How about I circle back to it?
Leonard: Fine. Why did you have dinner with Penny?
Sheldon: I told you, she made spaghetti with little hot dogs. I like spaghetti with little hot dogs.
Leonard: Then why did you have Chinese food with us?
Sheldon: I didn’t want to upset you. Howard made it very clear that my allegiance should be to male
comrades before women who sell their bodies for money.
Leonard: Is it possible he said Bros before Hos?
Sheldon: Yes, but I rephrased it to avoid offending the hos.
Leonard: Sheldon, I don’t care if you want to be friends with Penny.
Sheldon: Oh. Well, so the emotional turmoil that’s been keeping me from achieving REM sleep was
entirely unjustified?
Leonard: Yes.

Sheldon: Well then as my meemaw would say, looks like we butchered a pig, but nobody wanted
bacon.
Leonard: I guess not.
Sheldon: And now, as promised, the tangent. Sheldon and the Hell Hound, or How I Lost My Hot
Dogs.
Scene: The laundry room.
Penny: Oh, um, I, I can come back.
Leonard: D-don’t be silly. We’re neighbours, we’re going to run into each other, may as well get used
to it.
Penny: Yeah, I guess you’re right.
Leonard: You used to it yet?
Penny: Nope.
Leonard: Me neither. Oh, Sheldon seemed think that I would be upset about you hanging out with him.
But I just want you to know it’s fine.
Penny: Oh, oh, good, because, um, his mother called me.
Leonard: His mother?
Penny: Yeah, she wants me to take him shopping for sheets and towels.
Leonard: I was going to do that.
Penny: Oh, well, then you, you do it.
Leonard: No, I don’t want to do it. You can do it.
Penny: Okay, you can take him for shoes.
Leonard: I just took him for shoes.
Penny: Well, all I know is he says they hurt his feet.
Leonard: Fine. I’ll take him for shoes next Saturday.
Penny: Oh, no, no, no, a bunch of us from work are going to Disneyland next Saturday and Sheldon
wants to come.
Leonard: You’re taking him to Disneyland?
Penny: Well, he heard me making plans on the phone. Was I going to say no?

Leonard: All right. But let me know if you’re going to stuff him with junk food. I don’t want to bring
home a nice dinner for him and see it go to waste.
Penny: We’re going to Disneyland. He’s going to eat junk food.
Leonard: All I’m saying is give me a heads-up.
Penny: Okay, whatever.
Leonard: And don’t let him go on Space Mountain after he eats. He’ll say he can handle it, but I
promise you’ll end up with churro puke on your shoes.
Penny: All right, got it. Is there anything else?
Leonard: Yeah, don’t let Goofy near him. He’ll have nightmares and I’ll have to deal with it.
Penny: What’s the problem with Goofy?
Leonard: Wish I knew. He’s fine with Pluto.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Hey, do you think the elastic woman in The Incredibles needs to use birth control or can she just
be a diaphragm?
Howard: Well, that’s it. We’re officially out of things to talk about.
Penny: We’re home.
Leonard: It’s ten o’clock, where have you been?
Sheldon: We stayed for the California Adventure water show. It was pure Disney magic.
Leonard: I was going to see that with him.
Penny: How was I supposed to know that?
Sheldon: It’s all right. I’ll see it again with you.
Leonard: And I have food here. You said you were going to call.
Penny: I know, I know.
Sheldon: I can still eat.
Penny: No, you already threw up once. Go put on your PJs and brush your teeth.
Sheldon: Okay, but just don’t fight
Leonard: We’re not fighting.

Penny: Just go.
Leonard: Aren’t you going to thank Penny for taking you to Disneyland?
Sheldon: Thank you, Penny.
Penny: You’re welcome, sweetie.
Leonard: Want a cup of coffee?
Penny: Oh, um, I should probably get going.
Leonard: Come on. It’s just a cup of coffee.
Penny: Yep, okay.
Howard (to Raj, who has whispered to him): Oh, yeah, the whole thing seems a little twisted to me,
too.
Leonard: What am I smelling?
Penny: Sheldon’s churro on my shoes.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Penny: He’s such an angel when he’s asleep.
Leonard: Yeah. Shame he has to wake up.
Penny: I think we can do it.
Leonard: Smother Sheldon in his sleep? Wouldn’t that be wrong?
Penny: No, be friends. You and me.
Leonard: Oh. Sure. Absolutely.
Penny: Good. I’m glad.
Leonard: Here’s an idea. I’m just throwing it out there, friends who have sex.
Penny: Good night, Leonard.
Leonard: Kidding. Just a couple of friends goofin’ around.
Sheldon (in his sleep): No, Goofy, no.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 21
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Sheldon: Hold.
Raj: What?
Sheldon: Explain your sneeze.
Raj: I’m sorry?
Sheldon: Do you have allergies?
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Is there too much pepper on your salad?
Raj: I don’t put pepper on salads.
Sheldon: I’ve heard enough. Sit over there.
Raj: Oh, come on. I don’t want to sit by myself.
Sheldon: That’s what Typhoid Mary said, and clearly, her friends buckled.
Raj: Guys, help me.
Howard: Sheldon, come on.
Leonard: Yeah, it’s just one sneeze. (Raj sneezes) You’re on your own.
Howard: See you, buddy.
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard, I have something for you. Per our roommate agreement, this is your 24-hour
notice that I will be having a non-related female spending two nights in our apartment.
Leonard: When you say non-related female, you still mean human, right?
Sheldon: Of course. Pets are banned under the roommate agreement, with the exception of service
animals, such as seeing eye dogs and, one day, cybernetically-enhanced helper monkeys.
Howard: Are you planning on kidnapping a woman?
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Howard: Yes, but mixed with genuine concern.

Sheldon: For your information, I’ll be playing host to Dr. Elizabeth Plimpton.
Raj: The cosmological physicist from Princeton?
Sheldon: Yes. And until you acquire a surgical mask, please address your comments to me through a
napkin. We’ve been corresponding for years about our mutual interest in gravitational wave
signatures of inflatons in the early universe. And now she’s under consideration for a position at our
university.
Leonard: Why didn’t you tell me you knew Elizabeth Plimpton? I am a huge fan of hers!
Sheldon: I didn’t realize I was obligated to share my connection with things you’re a fan of, but very
well. You enjoy Canadian bacon. I’ve been to Toronto.
Leonard: Okay, fine. Where is she going to sleep?
Sheldon: My room, of course.
Raj: Holy crap! (Through napkin) Holy crap!
Howard: Yeah, um, I have a two-part question.
Sheldon: Go ahead.
Howard: A, are you kidding me? And B, seriously, are you freaking kidding me?
Sheldon: A, I rarely kid. And B, when I do kid, you will know it by my use of the word bazinga.
Howard: So you’re saying the two of you are going to be sleeping in the same bed?
Sheldon: Yes. Bazinga. Leonard?
Leonard: Thank you. Why is a world-renowned scientist staying in our apartment instead of a hotel?
Sheldon: Well, she doesn’t care for hotels. And who can blame her? Windows that don’t open, multiuser linens, keys shaped like credit cards, as if one walks around with unassigned slots in one’s wallet.
All right, I believe I have time for one more question. Yes, Raj?
Raj: When can I sit with you again?
Sheldon: When I’ve seen two consecutive negative throat cultures spaced 12 hours apart. You know
the drill. All right, if you’ll excuse me, I am off to start a prophylactic course of antibiotics.
Leonard: I can’t believe he’s friends with Elizabeth Plimpton.
Raj: I can’t believe they let him into Canada.
Howard: Whoa, whoa, whoa. You heard the man. Where’s your throat cultures? Kidding. Sit down.
Credits sequence

Scene: The lobby
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, Penny, excellent. I have a question about these maxi pads. Are the wings truly
functional or have I fallen victim to marketing hype?
Penny: What? What are you doing with, what?
Sheldon: The stock boy at Walgreens was frustratingly uninformed on the subject.
Penny: Sheldon, what are you doing with maxi pads?
Sheldon: I have a lady friend who will be staying with me for a few days.
Penny: Oh. What?
Sheldon: I want her to feel at home. I also bought scented soaps, pantyhose, Midol, calcium chews
and what is apparently a yogurt specifically designed to regulate the female bowel.
Penny: Wait, wait, hold on, back up. You’re having a woman stay with you?
Sheldon: Yes. Why does that seem to flabbergast everybody?
Penny: Oh, no, no, no, no. I’m not flabbergasted. I’m puzzled. Yeah, let’s go with puzzled.
Sheldon: A word of warning. My guest is a noted physicist and the leading expert on quantum
cosmology, so please try to avoid wasting her time with female jibber jabber.
Penny: Female jibber jabber?
Sheldon: Shoe sales, hair styles, mud masks, gossip about your friends Brad and Angelina.
Penny: Oh, they’re not my friends.
Sheldon: I’m not surprised, considering the way you talk about them behind their backs.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: She’s here, she’s here. How do I look? Do I look smart?
Sheldon: Oh, good grief. This isn’t about you. Coming! Now listen, one of the great minds of the 21st
century is about to play host to one of the other great minds of the 21st century. So pay attention.
Years from now, my biographer might ask you about this event.
Leonard: Oh, I have so many things to tell your biographer.
Elizabeth: Ah, Dr. Cooper, thank goodness. I completely forgot your address. But then I remembered
that I’d written it on my hand. Lucky for me, I didn’t confuse it with what I’d written on my other

hand, which are the coordinates for a newly discovered neutron star. ‘Cause if I tried to go there, I’d
be crushed by hypergravity. Anyway, hello.
Sheldon: Hello.
Elizabeth: Nice to finally meet you in person.
Sheldon: I would imagine it is. This is my friend and roommate, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.
Leonard: Hi-lo. Oops. I started to say hi, and then I switched to hello in the middle. It came out hi-lo.
Duh. Uh, it’s nice to meet you. I’ve read both your books and most of your papers. I’m Leonard, I live
here, you’re brilliant.
Sheldon: I apologize. He’s only an experimental physicist.
Elizabeth: No need to apologize. Some of my best friends are experimental physicists. Well, not my
best friends, but I know them. My best friend is a molecular chemist named Wendy. I’m sorry, I’m
rambling. Hi-lo.
Leonard: Are you hungry, thirsty? Can I offer you anything?
Sheldon: No, she’s my guest. If anyone should offer her anything, it should be me. Elizabeth, can I get
you something? Perhaps a feminine hygiene product or a bowel-regulating yogurt?
Elizabeth: Interesting choices. Based on my current needs, I guess I’d pick the yogurt.
Sheldon: Excellent. If the yogurt works, I bought some delightful scented candles.
Leonard: Look, it’s you.
Scene: A little later.
Elizabeth: Thank you so much for opening up your home to me.
Leonard: Well, who wants to stay in a hotel? With windows that don’t open, those crazy card-shaped
keys.
Elizabeth: I’m so glad you understand.
Sheldon: No, he doesn’t understand. I understand.
Leonard: Well, I understand, too.
Sheldon: You’re just misappropriating my understanding.
Leonard: Oh, (blows a raspberry). I think any university would want you. Except, of course, any
university that had already had you. Because they would’ve already wanted you before they, you
know, got you.
Sheldon: From the mind that brought you hi-lo. Let me show you to your room.

Elizabeth: All right. I guess I am tired. Good night, Leonard.
Leonard: Uh, sleep night. I mean, obviously, good night. I started to say sleep tight, then I changed
my mind in the middle. I swear to God, I’m smart.
Sheldon: Get it together, man.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Sheldon: All right, let me show you some of the features of the room. First, windows. Conventional.
Open, closed, open, closed, halfway open, or halfway closed, depending on your philosophical bent.
Over here is my comic book collection. Feel free to browse. There’s a box of disposable reading
gloves on the night stand.
Elizabeth: Good to know.
Sheldon: In here, you’ll find emergency provisions. An eight-day supply of food and water, a
crossbow, season two of Star Trek: The Original Series on a high-density flash drive.
Elizabeth: What if there’s a disaster that destroys all the USB ports?
Sheldon: Then there’s really no reason to live, is there?
Elizabeth: Can I ask a question about your roommate?
Sheldon: He’s an odd duck, isn’t he?
Elizabeth: What’s his relationship status?
Sheldon: Well, there was a misbegotten adventure with a waitress who lives across the hall. It ended
as inexplicably as it began. They had very little in common, except for carnal activity. That’s why I
acquired these noise-cancelling headphones. If you decide to use them, please clean the ear pieces
afterwards with the Wet Wipes you’ll find in the bathroom. They’re in the drawer labelled Wet Wipes.
Elizabeth: Okay.
Sheldon: Good. I’ll leave you to your night time ablutions. I’ve e-mailed you the morning bathroom
schedule. You’ll also find a laminated copy in your welcome packet. It’s on the back of the
emergency escape route diagram.
Elizabeth: How thoughtful.
Sheldon: Sleep well, my friend.
Elizabeth: You, too.
Sheldon: Oh, let me just get one thing. It’s my backup emergency supply kit. The living room escape
route doesn’t pass through here. Now, good night. And if there’s an apocalypse, good luck.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. There is a knock on the door.
Leonard: Yes?

Elizabeth: I saw your light on.
Leonard: Is everything all right?
Elizabeth: Yeah, I just couldn’t sleep.
Leonard: Me neither. Oh, look what I’m reading. It’s you.
Elizabeth: I thought you already read it.
Leonard: I did, but it’s been a while, and I wanted to sound smart over breakfast.
Elizabeth: Aw, you’re smart.
Leonard: Oh, good. Wasn’t sure it was coming across.
Elizabeth: What chapter are you on?
Leonard: Uh, six.
Elizabeth: Oh, the extragalactic distance ladder. Want to know a little secret?
Leonard: Sure.
Elizabeth: I wrote the section on the Wilson-Bappu Effect completely naked.
Leonard: Really? Uh, sure doesn’t read that way.
Elizabeth: Here, let me show you. When we consider the brightness of pulsating variable stars, we
start to see (removes robe) a possible explanation for some of the discrepancies found in Hubble’s
constant.
Leonard: Wow. You really make science come alive.
Scene: The living room.
Sheldon: Vocal test. Morning vocal test. Second vocal test. Second morning vocal test.
Leonard: Morning, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Morning.
Elizabeth: Morning, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Morning. I trust you had a pleasant night.
Elizabeth: More than pleasant.
Sheldon: Excuse me, I’m going to relieve myself.
Leonard: How do you take your coffee?

Elizabeth: Black.
Leonard: Okeydoke.
Sheldon (in bathroom): Pee for Houston, pee for Austin, pee for the state my heart got lost in. And
shake twice for Texas.
Leonard: Something his mother taught him.
Sheldon: All right, Elizabeth, the bathroom is yours. The seat is down, and has been sanitized for your
protection.
Elizabeth: That’s very thoughtful, but I think I’ll finish my coffee first.
Sheldon: Ah, so the yogurt didn’t work. I’ll fire off a critical e-mail to the manufacturer.
Penny: Oh, good, you’re up. Look, my car won’t start. I need a ride to work.
Sheldon: Did you once again ignore your check engine light?
Penny: No, Mr. smarty-pants. I ignored the fill gas tank light.
Sheldon: Leonard, Penny wants to exploit any residual feelings you have for her in order to get a ride
to work.
Leonard: Oh, yeah, sure, let me just put this in a travel mug.
Penny: Hello.
Elizabeth: Hi.
Penny: Oh, Penny, this is Dr. Plimpton, a leading expert on quantum cosmology. Dr. Plimpton, Penny
is a waitress who doesn’t understand the role gasoline plays in the internal combustion engine.
Elizabeth: Nice to meet you.
Penny: Nice to meet you, too. Are you enjoying your stay?
Elizabeth: Yes, very much.
Penny: Good.
Sheldon: Wonderful. Meaningless pleasantries accomplished. Elizabeth, Leonard’s bathroom time is
coming up, and believe me, you do not want to follow him.
Elizabeth: Excuse me.
Leonard: Okay, well, I guess I should get dressed so I can take everyone to work. You and Sheldon
and Sheldon’s friend, Dr. Plimpton, who you just met. It’ll be fun. Like a clown car.
Penny: Hang on.

Leonard: Hmm? Yeah? What? Huh?
Penny: We just broke up.
Leonard: What, uh, you and me? Yeah, we did. Not too long ago. How are you doing with it?
Penny: Not as good as you apparently.
Leonard: I, um, I don’t follow.
Penny: You know what? It’s, it’s none of my business. If you want to sleep with Sheldon’s doctor
buddy right after we stopped seeing each other, go for it.
Leonard: Well, now…
Sheldon: Excuse me. I’m uncomfortable with you recommending that Leonard pursue having
intercourse with Dr. Plimpton, who I assure you has better things to do.
Penny: I’m not recommending it. I’m saying it already happened.
Sheldon: That’s preposterous. Tell her, Leonard.
Leonard: Well…
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Come on. It wasn’t my fault.
Sheldon: The implication being that you somehow tripped and fell into her lady parts?
Penny: You know what? I’m just gonna take the bus to work.
Leonard: Penny, I can still drive you.
Penny: Oh, no, no, it’s okay. You might slip on a banana peel and get me pregnant.
Sheldon: I must say, I’m shocked by this betrayal.
Leonard: I didn’t betray Penny.
Sheldon: Not Penny, me!
Leonard: How am I betraying you?
Sheldon: Elizabeth’s my friend, and you’re playing with her!
Leonard: Yeah, I guess I did.
Scene: The cafeteria. Raj drinks from a hip flask.
Howard: What the hell are you doing?

Raj: Relax, it’s Nyquil.
Leonard: You still have a cold?
Raj: Maybe, but I don’t care. That’s the great thing about Nyquil, it’s like ten-percent booze. I call it
the nighttime sniffling, sneezing, coughing, so you can talk to girls medicine.
Leonard: Are you having trouble sleeping? ‘Cause, boy, I was up all night.
Raj: Did you get a cold, too?
Leonard: No, but I was awake all night.
Howard: If you want, I can give you some of my mom’s sleeping pills.
Raj: She won’t notice they’re missing?
Howard: She doesn’t know she takes them.
Leonard: No, that’s okay. It was something else keeping me up last night. And again this morning.
And, I didn’t mind. I was up last night. I was up this morning. I didn’t mind. Those are your clues.
Raj: Ooh, ooh. Did the pigeon on your windowsill have more babies?
Leonard: No.
Howard: Were you up making another stop-motion Lego movie?
Leonard: No.
Howard: ‘Cause let me tell you, it’s not enough to make the Legos move, they also have to capture
your heart.
Leonard: Okay, I’ll give you one more clue. It involved another person.
Raj: Did you get a Japanese love pillow?
Howard: How is a Japanese love pillow another person?
Raj: It is if you love her and give her a name.
Sheldon: Dr. Plimpton, I’d like you to meet my colleagues, Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali
Raj: Hi.
Sheldon: And not-a-doctor Howard Wolowitz.
Howard: Hi.
Raj: I’m a big fan of your work.

Elizabeth: Thank you.
Sheldon: And of course, you’ve already introduced yourself to Dr. Hofstadter.
Leonard: Hey, you.
Elizabeth: Hey, you.
Leonard: Boy, I’m kind of tuckered out. How are you feeling, Elizabeth?
Elizabeth: You know what? I am a little tired. Would you be a dear and get me a cup of coffee?
Leonard: Sure. Black, right?
Elizabeth: Actually, now I think I want it hot, brown and sweet.
Leonard: Coming right up.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Raj: What?
Howard: What do you mean what? It’s Halo night.
Raj: I can’t. I’m too sick. Go away.
Howard: That’s why we moved Halo night here. Look, I brought my mom’s chicken soup.
Raj: I’m not hungry.
Elizabeth: Don’t send him away. Let him in.
Howard: Who’s that
Raj: I bought a parrot.
Howard: Yeah, right. Dr. Plimpton?
Elizabeth: Hi. Howard, right?
Howard: Uh, yeah.
Elizabeth: Can I ask you a question, Howard? Do you like role-playing games?
Howard: Yeah, sure. In fact, I’m a dungeon master.
Elizabeth: Not tonight. Tonight you are a delivery man. You brought soup, but uh-oh, Raj and I don’t
have enough money to pay you. So we’ll have to come to some other kind of arrangement.
Howard: Beg pardon?

Elizabeth: You two figure out the details, I’m going to go change into something I don’t mind getting
ripped off my milky flesh.
Howard: What the frak?
Raj: Go away. She wants New Delhi, not Kosher deli. Besides, you have a girlfriend.
Howard: We broke up weeks ago.
Raj: Why didn’t you say anything?
Howard: I was waiting for the right time. This is the right time.
Leonard: Hey, who’s ready for Halo?
Raj: Oh, this is like a nightmare. Get lost!
Howard: He’s right. The numbers are shaky enough as it is.
Leonard: I don’t understand.
Elizabeth: Oh, good. Leonard’s here.
Raj: Good?
Leonard: Elizabeth? What’s going on?
Elizabeth: What’s going on is you and Howard are my moving men and Raj is my new landlord and I
don’t have enough money to pay any of you.
Leonard: Is she suggesting what I think she’s suggesting?
Howard: Yep. Welcome to the Penthouse Forum.
Raj: Okay, show of hands. Who’s up for this? (Only Howard raises his hand.)
Leonard: We’ll all be naked in front of each other.
Howard: I’m out.
Elizabeth: Everybody ready?
Raj: Follow my lead. Almost. We’re, we’re going to go out into the hallway and, uh, make a dramatic
entrance.
Elizabeth: Oh, good. It’s so much better when everyone commits.
Raj: Run. Run, run, run. Don’t look back.
Leonard: I thought we had something special.

Raj (locks door): So, you say you can’t pay your rent?
Scene: The lobby.
Penny: Oh, Leonard?
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: I found these in the dryer. I’m assuming they belong to Sheldon.
Leonard: Thanks. It’s really hard to find these in his size. So, listen. I’ve been meaning to talk to you
about the other morning.
Penny: You mean you and Dr. Slutbunny?
Leonard: Yeah, I wanted to explain.
Penny: Well, you don’t owe me an explanation.
Leonard: I don’t?
Penny: No, you don’t.
Leonard: So you’re not judging me?
Penny: Oh, I’m judging you nine ways to Sunday, but you don’t owe me an explanation.
Leonard: Nevertheless, I’d like to get one on the record so you can understand why I did what I did.
Penny: I’m listening.
Leonard: She let me.

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 22
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Okay, Babydoll Pink, let’s see if you can cover up the fact that I got my dad’s feet.
Leonard (voice off): It’s just two degrees, Sheldon. I just want to turn up the thermostat two degrees!
Sheldon: (voice off): Let me point out that two degrees can be the difference between water and steam.
Leonard (voice off): Yes, if we lived in a teakettle.
Sheldon: (voice off): This is the temperature you agreed to in the roommate agreement.
Leonard (voice off): Aw, screw the roommate agreement!
Sheldon: (voice off): No, you don’t screw the roommate agreement. The roommate agreement screws
you.
Leonard (voice off): You know what, go to Hell and set their thermostat.
Sheldon: (voice off): I don’t have to go to Hell. At 73 degrees, I’m there already!
Penny (after a knock on the door): Who is it?
Leonard: Leonard.
Penny: Hang on.
Leonard: Can I sleep on your couch tonight?
Penny: Uh, well, you can try, but the people across the hall are being very noisy.
Leonard: You heard that, huh?
Penny: Apparently, the one fella tried to adjust the thermostat, then the other fella went bat-crap crazy.
Leonard: So you agree, he’s nuts.
Penny: Well, not as nuts as the guy who chooses to live with him.
Leonard: Believe it or not, he was worse when I met him.
Penny: Oh, I do not believe that.
Leonard: You are so naive. Just like I was seven years ago. (Flasback: The lobby) I’d just started at
the university.

Past Leonard: Excuse me, I’m looking for Sheldon Cooper’s apartment.
Man with a box: Oh, I bet you’re here to check out the room for rent.
Past Leonard: Yeah.
Man: Run away, dude.
Past Leonard: What?
Man: Run fast, run far. (End of flashback.)
Leonard: That should have been my first clue.
Scene: Moments later.
Penny: So Sheldon’s last roommate tried to warn you off?
Leonard: For all I knew, he was the crazy one. He had this really deranged look.
Penny: Well, yeah, he’d been living with Sheldon.
Leonard: Sure, it makes sense now. (Flashback. Past Leonard is getting out of the lift). Anyway, I
went upstairs and knocked on the door.
Large Black Transvestite: Yeah?
Past Leonard: Dr. Cooper?
Transvestite: No, you want the crazy guy across the hall.
Leonard: In retrospect, that was clue number two.
Past Sheldon: Yes?
Past Leonard: I’m Leonard Hofstadter. I called you about the apartment. You said…
Past Sheldon: I know what I said. I know what you said. I know what my mother said on March 5,
1992. What is the sixth noble gas?
Past Leonard: What?
Past Sheldon: You said you’re a scientist. What is the sixth noble gas?
Past Leonard: Uh, radon?
Past Sheldon: Are you asking me or telling me?
Past Leonard: Telling you? Telling you.
Past Sheldon: All right, next question. Kirk or Picard?

Past Leonard: Oh, uh, well, that’s tricky. Um, well, uh, Original Series over Next Generation, but
Picard over Kirk.
Past Sheldon: Correct. You’ve passed the first barrier to roommate-hood. You may enter.
Past Leonard (Enters apartment. It is bare except for two lawn chairs, a television and some
whiteboards): Oh, this is pretty nice. Uh, the bedrooms are back there?
Past Sheldon: That depends.
Past Leonard: I don’t understand, their, their existence is conditional?
Past Sheldon: No, but your ability to perceive their existence is conditional on you passing the second
and third barriers.
Past Leonard: There’s three?
Past Sheldon: Each more daunting than the last. Have a seat.
Past Leonard: Okay.
Past Sheldon: No! That’s where I sit!
Past Leonard: What’s the difference?
Past Sheldon: This seat is ideally located both in relation to the heat source in the winter and a cross
breeze in the summer. It also faces the television at a direct angle allowing me to immerse myself in
entertainment or game play without being subjected to conversation. As a result, I’ve placed it in a
state of eternal dibs.
Past Leonard: Can you do that?
Past Sheldon: Cathedra mea, regulae meae. That’s Latin for my chair, my rules. Now, you said on the
phone that your area of study is physics.
Past Leonard: Uh, yeah, experimental physics.
Past Sheldon: Hmm.
Past Leonard: What is that?
Past Sheldon: Doesn’t concern you. You’ll be going to the university every day?
Past Leonard: Yes.
Past Sheldon: And you have a vehicle?
Past Leonard: A car, yeah.
Past Sheldon: And you’ll be willing to drive me?

Past Leonard: Well, can’t you drive?
Past Sheldon: I can. I choose not to.
Past Leonard: Okay, I suppose I could drive you. Well that’s a point in my favour, right?
Past Sheldon: Why don’t you let me do this.
Past Leonard: Come on, I just asked.
Past Sheldon: Last question. In a post-apocalyptic world, which task would you assign the highest
priority? Locating a sustainable food source, re-establishing a functioning government, procreating, or
preserving the knowledge of mankind?
Past Leonard: Uh, I’m gonna go with preserving the knowledge.
Past Sheldon: That’s correct. FYI, I would have accepted any answer other than procreating. Come,
I’ll show you the rest of the apartment.
Past Leonard: Oh, good. I passed the barriers.
Past Sheldon: The second barrier. Don’t get cocky. This is the bathroom. Are you fairly regular?
Past Leonard: Uh, I guess.
Past Sheldon: This isn’t going to work if you’re guessing. When do you evacuate your bowels?
Past Leonard: When I have to.
Past Sheldon: When you have to? I’m sorry, I don’t rent to hippies.
Past Leonard: I, I’m sorry, uh, in the morning. Around eight.
Past Sheldon: I can’t give you eight. I can give you seven thirty.
Past Leonard: Fine. I’ll take it.
Past Sheldon: Third barrier passed. You have won the right to see your room. Huzzah!
Past Leonard: Is this it?
Past Sheldon: No, this is my room. People don’t go in my room.
Past Leonard: So where do you sleep?
Past Sheldon: I don’t understand.
Past Leonard: If people don’t go in there, and you’re people, and… You are people, aren’t you?
Making a joke.
Past Sheldon: Do you do this often?

Past Leonard: On occasion.
Past Sheldon: Your room. You may want to repaint. (End of Flashback)
Penny: Okay, and after all that, you just moved in?
Leonard: No, I didn’t just move in. First we had to iron out a few details. (Flashback: The apartment)
Past Sheldon: Roommates agree that Friday nights shall be reserved for watching Joss Whedon’s
brilliant new series Firefly.
Past Leonard: Does that really need to be in the agreement?
Past Sheldon: We might as well settle it now, it’s going to be on for years. Initial here. All right, that’s
television and movies. Section nine, miscellany. The apartment’s flag is a gold lion rampant on a field
of azure.
Past Leonard: We have a flag?
Past Sheldon: Never fly it upside down unless the apartment’s in distress. And next, if either of us
ever invents time travel, we agree our first stop will be this meeting today in precisely five seconds.
Past Leonard: Okay.
Past Sheldon: Well that’s disappointing. (End of flashback.)
Penny: Why on earth did you agree to all that?
Leonard: It was the best apartment I’d seen, the rent was very reasonable and after you’ve passed the
first three barriers you kind of want to take it all the way.
Penny: Well, I’m sorry, Leonard, it’s very hard to feel sympathy for you.
Leonard: Okay, how about this? Let me tell you about the first time I brought a girl over. (Flashback
to Leonard’s bedroom.)
Past Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
Past Leonard: Shh. Just pretend we’re not here.
Past Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?Leonard?
Past Leonard: I’m sure he’ll go away.
Past Sheldon: I’m just going to keep knocking till you answer. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
(Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?
Past Leonard: What do you want? I didn’t say come in!

Past Sheldon: You asked what I wanted. I wanted to come in. I’m here because you violated our
roommate agreement. Specifically, section eight, visitors, subsection C, females, paragraph four,
coitus. Roommates shall give each other 12 hours notice of impending coitus.”
Past Leonard: I didn’t even know her 12 hours ago.
Joyce Kim: That’s it! I’m out of here!
Past Leonard: But, Joyce, come on.
Past Sheldon: 12 hours? (End of flashback.)
Penny: Oh, my God.
Leonard: Do I get some sympathy now?
Penny: A little bit. Okay. Let me get this straight. You move in with this guy, he makes you sign a
ridiculous roommate agreement, then he walks into your bedroom while you’re doing this Joyce Kim,
and you still stay?
Leonard: Actually, I couldn’t get too mad at him about Joyce Kim.
Penny: Why not?
Leonard: Well, I was doing some government research at the time, you know, military, rocket fuel.
It’s kind of secret.
Penny: What does that have to do with Joyce Kim?
Leonard: As it turns out, she was a North Korean spy. Luckily, Sheldon drove her out before I
revealed anything important. Which I’m not saying I would have.
Penny: So, what, that’s it? You’ve stayed with Sheldon all this time because he kept you from going
to federal prison?
Leonard: That was part of it. The other part is what happened with the elevator.
Penny: Oh, yeah, I’m wondering about that. You said it was working when you moved in.
Leonard: It was, but one night, Sheldon came home from work… (Flashback, the apartment. The
settee has now appeared. Leonard, Howard and Raj are playing a video game.)
Past Sheldon: What is going on here?
Past Leonard: Hey, Sheldon. This is Howard and Raj. They work at the university, too.
Past Howard: Hey.
Past Raj: Hey.
Past Sheldon: I’ll get to you later. What are you sitting on?

Past Howard: I can’t speak for these guys, but I’m sitting on my tushie. It’s a joke.
Past Leonard: Yeah, not a good idea.
Past Raj: Tushie is buttocks, right?
Past Howard: Right.
Past Raj: Hilarious.
Past Sheldon: Explain the couch.
Past Leonard: Oh, well, there were some people on the first floor moving out, and they sold it to me
for a hundred dollars. Howard and Raj helped me bring it up.
Past Sheldon: But what’s wrong with the furniture we have?
Past Leonard: They’re lawn chairs. And there was no place for company.
Past Sheldon: Did it occur to you that was by design?
Past Leonard: According to the roommate agreement, I’m entitled to allocate 50% of the cubic
footage of the common areas.
Past Sheldon: But you didn’t notify me by e-mail, so this is still a breach.
Past Leonard: I did notify you.
Past Sheldon: Oh, you did, did you? Oh, drat! Hoisted by my own spam filter.
Past Leonard: What am I doing in your spam folder?
Past Sheldon: I put you there after you forwarded me a picture of a cat playing the piano, entitled this
is funny.
Past Raj: Oh, yeah, I saw that. That was hilarious. (End of flashback.)
Penny: Okay, what does all this have to do with the elevator?
Leonard: I’m getting to it. (Back to flashback.)
Past Sheldon: I assure you, you’ll be sorry you wasted your money on an iPod when Microsoft comes
out with theirs.
Past Raj: Okay, do you have an opinion about everything?
Past Sheldon: Yes.
Past Howard: And you just assume you’re always right?
Past Sheldon: It’s not an assumption. Change seats with me.

Past Raj: Why?
Past Sheldon: I don’t like this spot. I have to keep turning my head.
Past Raj: Fine.
Past Leonard: Ooh, it’s time for Babylon 5!
Past Sheldon: We don’t watch Babylon 5 in this apartment.
Past Leonard: Why not?
Past Sheldon: Because no one likes Babylon 5.
Past Leonard: I like it.
Past Raj: Me, too.
Past Howard: So do I.
Past Leonard: There you go– three against one.
Past Sheldon: They don’t get a vote. It’s one against one. And according to the roommate agreement,
all ties will be settled by me.
Past Leonard: But I said no to that.
Past Sheldon: And I said yes. And I settle all ties. Change seats with me.
Past Howard: Why?
Past Sheldon: There’s a draft on my neck over here.
Past Howard: So, I get the draft?
Past Sheldon: You’re protected by your turtleneck.
Past Howard: Fine. And it’s a dickey.
Past Sheldon: Hmm, I’m still not comfortable. Of course. There’s too many people here.
Past Leonard: We can fix that. Let’s leave.
Past Howard: Yeah, we can go over to my place.
Past Sheldon: Wait. Let me get my jacket.
Past Howard: You’re not going with us.
Past Sheldon: Why not?

Past Raj: You’re the guy we’re trying to get away from.
Past Sheldon: Oh. Well, in that case, I don’t need my jacket. And for the record, the correct syntax is
I’m the guy from whom you’re trying to get away. Oh, yes, this is definitely going to be my spot.
(End of flashback.)
Penny: Okay, how do you know he said that? You left the room.
Leonard: Hey, do you want me to finish working on your man feet or not?
Penny: Fine. Go ahead. (Flashback to Howard’s bedroom.)
Mrs Wolowitz: Howard, are you having a playdate?
Past Howard: I don’t have playdates! I have colleagues!
Mrs Wolowitz: Do their parents know they’re here?
Past Howard: No, but if you keep screaming, maybe they’ll hear you!
Past Leonard: That your dad?
Past Howard: She grows any more hair on her face, yes.
Past Leonard: Oh, man. Is that a two-stage rocket?
Past Howard: Three. I designed the engine myself.
Past Raj: Cool. Can it break Mach 1?
Past Howard: Oh, probably, if I could get my hands on that new fuel the government’s been working
on.
Past Leonard: Oh, this just might be your lucky day.
Mrs Wolowitz: Howard, what happened to the Oreos I left on the counter?!
Past Howard: I haven’t seen your Oreos! Just take your bath without them! (End of flashback.)
Penny: So, why was it his lucky day?
Leonard: Well, it turns out I had a little rocket fuel in the apartment.
Penny: What were you doing with rocket fuel in your apartment?
Leonard: Mm, Joyce Kim was kind of curious about what I did for a living, and I was going to kind of
show it to her. It’s not important. The point is, the guys and I went back to the apartment.
Penny: Are we ever going to get to the elevator?
Leonard: Yeah, we’re really close. Uh, uh, we’re at the apartment. (Flashback.)

Past Leonard: The trick is to mix it into Tovex in order to create a combustible gel that will generate
over 8,000 kilonewtons of thrust.
Past Howard: Nice.
Past Raj: Cool.
Past Sheldon: Won’t work.
Past Leonard: Excuse me, but I’ve been working on this a long time. Trust me, it’ll work.
Past Sheldon: You don’t see your mistake, do you?
Past Leonard: There’s no mistake.
Past Sheldon: This is for a full-scale rocket, not a model.
Past Leonard: Well, I’ve adjusted the formula.
Past Sheldon: Not correctly.
Past Leonard: Okay, I’ve had it with you. You might be an expert on theoretical physics and sciencefiction programs and where to sit on a freaking couch, but this is applied physics. And when it comes
to applied physic… uh-oh.
Past Howard: What’s happening?
Past Leonard: A bad thing. A very bad thing. Get the door. Get the door! Get the door! Get the door!
Get the door!
Past Howard: You’re waiting for the elevator?
Past Leonard: Oh. Right.
Past Raj: Wait. It’s here.
Past Sheldon: Give me that. (Takes the rocket fuel. Puts it in elevator. Presses button and jumps out.)
Past Leonard: What’d you do that for? I had plenty of time. (Elevator explodes.)
Past Sheldon: You’re welcome. (End of flashback.)
Leonard: Not only did Sheldon save my life, he didn’t rat me out to the landlord. Or the police. Or
Homeland Security.
Penny: Okay, so, basically, you’re the reason I have to walk up and down three flights of stairs every
day?
Leonard: So I did something stupid. I’m sure you did stupid things when you were younger. What
were you doing seven years ago?

Penny: Excuse me, I was in high school. Studying, keeping my nose clean, doing volunteer work for
the community. (Flashback. Penny is in her bedroom, sitting on the bed with a guy, looking at a
pregnancy tester.)
Past Penny: Not pregnant. Yes!
Scene: The apartment.

Sheldon: Oh, Ubuntu, you are my favourite Linux-based operating system.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello. Why do I smell methacrylate?
Leonard: Oh, uh, clear nail polish. I had a mani-pedi. Men can get those. Anyway, I may owe you an
apology.
Sheldon: There’s doubt?
Leonard: I did agree to the thermostat setting, and I shouldn’t have tried to change it.
Sheldon: That’s not an apology, simply an acknowledgement that I was right.
Leonard: Okay, I’m sorry.
Sheldon: There you go.
Leonard: So, we’re good?
Sheldon: Good what?
Leonard: Never mind. Okay if I watch some TV?
Sheldon: Go ahead.
Television voice: Up next Babylon 5.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.

Leonard (voice off): You’re not even watching!
Sheldon (voice off): I can hear it!
Leonard (voice off): Oh, so the dialogue offends you?
Sheldon (voice off): I would hardly call that dialogue!

Leonard (voice off): You’re insane, you know that?!
Sheldon (voice off): Don’t make me turn that flag upside down, ’cause you know I’ll do it!

Bigbang theory Season3 Episode 23
Scene: On the roof of the apartment building.
Leonard: Okay, we’ve got power to the laser.
Sheldon: I should’ve brought an umbrella.
Leonard: What for? It’s not going to rain.
Sheldon: I know that, but with skin as fair as mine, moon burn is a real possibility.
Howard: That’s a bazinga, right?
Sheldon: One of my best, don’t you think?
Leonard: Howard, do you want to double-check the equatorial mount on the laser? We need it locked
onto the Sea of Tranquility.
Howard: You got it. Oh, Raj, no. Billions of dollars have gone into inventing the Internet and filling it
with pictures of naked women, so we don’t have to peep through windows.
Raj: It’s not like that, I’m watching someone’s TV. The Good Wife is on. I tell you, this is my new
Grey’s Anatomy.
Sheldon: Leonard, Leonard. What is that? What is that?
Leonard: Relax, it’s just a dirty sock.
Sheldon: How on earth can you say dirty sock and relax in the same sentence?
Leonard: Sheldon, the world is filled with dirty discarded socks.
Sheldon: Not my world.
Leonard: Hey, you know who’d really dig seeing this experiment? Penny.
Sheldon: I wasn’t aware that lunar ranging was her thing. Although, I suppose the retro-reflector left
on the moon by Neil Armstrong does qualify as a shiny object.
Raj: Why don’t you ask her to come up?
Leonard: I don’t know, it’s still a little weird since, you know…
Howard: She dumped you?
Leonard: She didn’t dump me. We were just in different places in the relationship.

Sheldon: I fail to see how a relationship can have the qualities of a geographic location.
Howard: Oh, it’s very simple. Leonard was living in a little town called please don’t leave me, while
Penny had just moved to the island of bye-bye.
Leonard: Screw you guys. I’m gonna go see if she’s home.
Howard: If it’s not too much trouble, I’d like to point this at the moon now.
Raj: Wait a second, the good wife is crying. Something’s very wrong.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s door.
Penny: Oh, hi. What’s going on?
Leonard: We’re up on the roof bouncing laser beams off the moon.
Penny: I’m sorry, what?
Leonard: It’s pretty cool. We’ve got a two-meter parabolic reflector and everything. I thought you
might want to see it.
Man in Penny’s Apartment: That makes no sense.
Penny: Um…
Man: How can you bounce stuff off the moon? There’s no gravity.
Penny: Uh, Leonard, this is Zack. Zack, Leonard.
Zack: Hey.
Leonard: Oh, sorry, I didn’t know you were busy. Maybe another time.
Penny: Yeah, maybe.
Zack: Hey, I want to see this laser thing.
Penny: Oh, but what about the party?
Zack: It’s a surprise party, doesn’t matter when we get there.
Penny: Oh, right.
Leonard: Okay, well, yeah, come on up. So, how’d you two guys meet?
Zack: My company designs the menus for the Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: Your company?

Zack: Well,, my dad, but me and my sister are VPs.
Leonard: So, menus.
Zack: I know it sounds easy but there’s a lot of science that goes in designing them.
Scene: The roof.
Howard: Happy now? I’m moving the dirty sock.
Sheldon: Thank you. Raj, keep an eye out for the other one.
Penny: Hey, guys, this is my friend Zack.
Zack: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Zack: Whoa! Is that the laser? It’s bitchin’.
Sheldon: Yes. In 1917, when Albert Einstein established the theoretic foundation for the laser in his
paper Zur Quantentheorie der Strahlung, his fondest hope was that the resultant device be bitchin’.
Zack: Well, mission accomplished.
Leonard: Let me explain what we’re doing here. Um, in 1969, the astronauts on Apollo 11 positioned
reflectors on the surface of the moon, and we’re going to shoot a laser off one of them and let the light
bounce back into this photomultiplier.
Penny: Oh! That’s very cool.
Zack: One question. How can you be sure it won’t blow up?
Leonard: The laser?
Zack: The moon.
Sheldon: See, now this is a man for Penny.
Leonard: Uh, that’s a great question, Zack.
Sheldon: No, it’s not.
Penny: Sheldon! Play nice.
Sheldon: Well it’s not a great question. How could somebody possibly think we’re going to blow up
the moon? That’s a great question.
Leonard: Don’t worry about the moon. We, we set our laser to stun.
Zack: Smart.

Leonard: Now, we’ll be able to see the beam when it leaves, but it won’t be strong enough when it
comes back to be seen by the naked eye.
Zack: Naked.
Leonard: Right. Uh yeah, funny. Uh, that device there will measure the photons that return and let us
see it on this computer. Raj, get them some glasses.
Zack: Cool, it’s gonna be in 3-D?
Howard: Preparing to fire laser at the moon.
Sheldon: Make it so.
Howard: There it is. There’s the spike!
Leonard: 2.5 seconds for the light to return. That’s the moon! We hit the moon!
Zack: That’s your big experiment? All that for a line on the screen?
Leonard: Yeah, but, uh, think about what this represents. The fact that we can do this is the only way
of definitively proving that there are man-made objects on the moon, put there by a member of a
species that only 60 years before had just invented the airplane.
Zack: What species is that?
Sheldon: I was wrong. Penny can do better.
Penny: Okay, guys, thank you, it’s been fun.
Zack: Yeah, thanks. Should we invite them to the party?
Penny: No, just keep walking.
Sheldon: He must be very skilled at coitus.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: I’m telling you, dude, the only way to feel better about Penny going out with other guys is for
you to get back on the whores.
Howard: Horse.
Raj: What?
Howard: The phrase is get back on the horse, not whores.
Raj: That’s disgusting, dude.
Howard: No, it’s not… Never mind. He is right, though. If you want, I can turn you on to this great
new dating site I found.

Leonard: No, thanks.
Howard: You sure? They say they can find a match for anybody.
Leonard: Have they found a match for you?
Howard: Tons. I’ve had, like, eight dates in the last month. And twelve if you count the ones who
showed up and left.
Sheldon: I can’t bring the nitrogen tank down.
Leonard: Why not?
Sheldon: All right, let me restate that. It’s very heavy, and I don’t want to.
Leonard: I’ll help you.
Sheldon: Thank you. Lift with your knees, not your back. Good night.
Raj: You know what would be fun? Signing Sheldon up for online dating.
Howard: Yeah, right.
Raj: No, think about it. We make it an experiment. Like when Frankenstein’s monster was lonely and
he found a wife.
Howard: He didn’t find a wife. They built him a wife out of dead body parts.
Raj: Okay, we’ll call that plan B.
Scene: The apartment. It is night and the lights are off. Knocking.
Leonard: Coming!
Penny: Damn you, you rat bastard.
Leonard: Are you drunk?
Penny: Zack was a perfectly nice guy, and then you ruined him!
Leonard: How did I ruin him?
Penny: ‘Cause in the olden days, I never would’ve known he was so stupid.
Leonard: Come on, he wasn’t that stupid.
Penny: Yes, he was! He thought you were gonna blow up the moon!
Leonard: Okay, yeah, he’s stupid.
Penny: He spent the entire night bragging about how he invented the word appe-teasers.

Leonard: How is that my fault?
Penny: You have destroyed my ability to tolerate idiots. Now, come with me.
Leonard: Where are we going?
Penny: We’re gonna have sex.
Leonard: Why? I mean, okay.
Sheldon: What’s going on?
Penny: Put on your noise-cancelling headphones, ’cause it’s gonna get loud.
Sheldon: Oh! Not this again.
Scene: The next morning.
Sheldon: In what universe is this low-pulp? Good morning, Penny.
Penny: What, do you have eyes in the back of your head?
Sheldon: When one gets beaten up every other day in school, one of necessity develops a keen sense
of hearing. Incidentally, one can get beaten up in school simply by referring to oneself as one. I’m
making English muffins. Would you like an English muffin?
Penny: Oh, thanks, I’m not hungry.
Sheldon: FYI, my noise-cancelling headphones proved ineffective last night.
Penny: Yeah, sorry about that.
Sheldon: As a native Texan, I must say I’ve never heard the phrase yee-haw used in quite that context.
Penny: Oh, God.
Sheldon: Oh, God. That I’ve heard on multiple occasions. In what universe is that lightly toasted?
This has to be the worst day of my life. Good morning, Leonard.
Leonard: How many times have I asked you not to do that?
Sheldon: Counting this instance? 317.
Leonard: Where’s Penny?
Sheldon: She returned to her apartment. I presume to shower and vomit. Not necessarily in that order.
Leonard: I wonder why she didn’t say good-bye.
Sheldon: Are you expecting me to offer an explanation of human behaviour?

Leonard: I know. I just thought as an outsider, you might be able to provide a fresh perspective.
Sheldon: I have no difficulty believing you’re not butter.
Scene: Penny’s door.
Leonard: Oh, hey.
Penny: Oh, hi. Um, I gotta run. Early shift.
Leonard: Okay, I’ll walk down with you. So, last night was fun, huh?
Penny: Yeah, it must have been. I just threw up in my closet.
Leonard: Bummer. Anyway, I was thinking tonight maybe we could catch a movie.
Penny: Oh, yeah, tonight’s not great for me.
Leonard: Doesn’t have to be tonight. I’m free pretty much always.
Penny: Leonard, last night was a mistake.
Leonard: When you say mistake, do you mean a fortunate mistake, like the discovery of penicillin?
Penny: Look, I’m sorry. I was drunk, I was lonely, I hated Zack. Can we just forget it ever happened?
Leonard: No, it’s pretty well imprinted on my brain. Especially the whole rodeo thing.
Penny: Oh, God!
Leonard: So, that’s it? Wham, bam, thank you, Leonard?
Penny: Look, I said I’m sorry. Can’t u please let it go?
Leonard: How am I supposed to let it go? You used me for sex! Morning, Mrs. Gunderson.
Mrs Gunderson: Good morning, Leonard. Or should I say yee-haw?
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Holy crap.
Howard: What?
Raj: We finally have proof that aliens walk among us.
Howard: Excuse me?
Raj: The dating site matched a woman with Sheldon.
Howard: You’re kidding. An actual woman?

Raj: Yeah, look. Breasts and everything.
Howard: Trust me, breasts doesn’t necessarily mean woman.
Raj: Since when?
Howard: I’ll show you a picture of my Uncle Louie in a bathing suit sometime. Leonard, you gotta
see this, we found a match for Sheldon.
Leonard: Great. Maybe she can have sex with him, and then walk out on him the next morning
without so much as a how do you do?
Raj: Do you know what he’s talking about?
Howard: Nope. Why don’t you ask him?
Raj: Leonard, what are you talking about?
Leonard: I don’t want to talk about it.
Raj: That was a lousy suggestion.
Howard: Whatever. Right now, Dr. Sheldon Cooper has to send an e-mail to his perfect match.
Greetings, fellow life-form…
Scene: A building corridor.
Leonard: If she can do it, I can do it. If she can do it, I can do it. If she can do it, I can do it. (Knocks
on door) I can’t do it.
Leslie Winkle: Hello?
Leonard: Oh, hi. Hey. Hi, Leslie.
Leslie: Leonard Hofstadter. What’re you doing here?
Leonard: Uh, I know! It’s been a while!
Leslie: Yeah, 18 months.
Leonard: Right. Right. So how you doing?
Leslie: Fine. You?
Leonard: Uh, not bad. You remember when we used to have sex and you said that it didn’t mean
anything, it was just for fun?
Leslie: Yeah.
Leonard: Uh, do you, uh, want to do that again?

Leslie: What happened? Blondie dumped you?
Leonard: She didn’t dump me. We were just in different places in the relationship.
Leslie: Right.
Leonard: Um, anyway, apparently, it’s okay to go back to people you’re no longer seeing and have
recreational sex with them.
Leslie: Uh-huh.
Leonard: So, what do you say?
Leslie: Let me think about it. (Slams door.)
Leonard: She’s not coming back.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Uh-oh. She wants to meet us.
Howard: Not us. Him.
Raj: Yes, but him doesn’t even know about her.
Howard: Well, him about to find out about her.
Raj: Really? Us gonna tell him?
Sheldon: Who’s going to tell whom about what?
Howard: Sheldon. Hey.
Raj: Hi.
Sheldon: Your surprise confuses me. I live here.
Howard: Right. So, listen, what are you doing tomorrow afternoon?
Sheldon: Be more specific.
Howard: Four thirty.
Sheldon: That’s not afternoon. That’s preevning.
Howard: What?
Sheldon: It’s a time of day I invented. It better defines the ambiguous period between afternoon and
evening. Preevning. I’m fairly certain it will catch on as it fills a desperate need.
Raj: Right, okay. What are you doing tomorrow preevning?

Sheldon: Well, tomorrow’s Saturday. Saturday night is laundry night, so I’ll be spending the
preevning pre-sorting and pre-soaking.
Howard: Okay, what if I were to tell you, tomorrow, at 4:30 you could meet a woman who has been
scientifically chosen to be your perfect mate?
Sheldon: I would snort in derision and throw my arms in the air, exhausted by your constant
tomfoolery.
Raj: But it’s true. But we-we put all your vital information into this dating site, answered all their
questions just like you would, and they found a match for you. Her name is Amy Farrah Fowler.
Sheldon: Please. Even assuming you could answer any question the way I would, the algorithms used
by matchmaking sites are complete hokum.
Howard: And that’s exactly the answer we gave to the question, what is your attitude towards online
dating”
Raj: Howard wanted to write mumbo jumbo, but I said no, our Sheldon would say hokum.
Howard: Well, come on, where’s your scientific curiosity?
Sheldon: Well, most of it is being applied to unravelling the secrets of the universe while the rest of
it’s wondering why I’m having this conversation with you.
Raj: Okay, how about this. Even Spock had a date once every seven years.
Sheldon: He didn’t date. It was pon farr. His blood boiled with mating lust.
Howard: Okay, well, why don’t you start with a cup of coffee, and you can pon farr Amy Farrah
Fowler later.
Sheldon: I don’t drink coffee.
Howard: All right, you can have a hot chocolate.
Sheldon: As I will not be engaging in this nonsense, my choice of beverage is moot. But for the record,
I only drink hot chocolate in months with an R in them.
Howard: Why?
Sheldon: What’s life without whimsy?
Howard: Okay, I’m out.
Raj: Sheldon, I’ve hidden the dirty sock from the roof somewhere in your apartment. Unless you are
willing to come with us to meet this girl, it will remain there forever.
Sheldon: You’re bluffing.
Raj: Are you willing to risk it?

Sheldon: Curse you.
Scene: The hallway. Leonard is finishing off a bottle of spirits. He opens the lift and drops the bottle
inside.
Leonard: Thirty feet.
Penny: Oh. Hey, Leonard.
Leonard: I was a perfectly happy, geeky, little lonely guy, and you ruined me!
Penny: Are you drunk?
Leonard: Come on. We’re gonna have sex, and it’s not gonna mean a thing!
Penny: Are you out of your mind?!
Leonard: I’m really starting to think there’s a double standard here.
Scene: A coffee shop.
Sheldon: In a few minutes, when I gloat over the failure of this enterprise, how would you prefer I do
it? The standard I told you so? The classic neener-neener? Or just my normal look of haughty derision?
Raj: You don’t know we’re wrong yet.
Sheldon: Haughty derision it is.
Amy: Excuse me. I’m Amy Farrah Fowler. You’re Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon: Hello, Amy Farrah Fowler. I’m sorry to inform you that you have been taken in by
unsupportable mathematics designed to prey on the gullible and the lonely. Additionally, I’m being
blackmailed with a hidden dirty sock.
Amy: If that was slang, I’m unfamiliar with it. If it was literal, I share your aversion to soiled hosiery.
In any case, I’m here because my mother and I have agreed that I will date at least once a year.
Sheldon: Interesting. My mother and I have the same agreement about church.
Amy: I don’t object to the concept of a deity, but I’m baffled by the notion of one that takes
attendance.
Sheldon: Well, then you might want to avoid East Texas.
Amy: Noted. Now, before this goes any further, you should know that all forms of physical contact up
to and including coitus are off the table.
Sheldon: May I buy you a beverage?
Amy: Tepid water, please.

Howard: Good God, what have we done?

