Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 01
Scene: A corridor at a sperm bank.
Sheldon: So if a photon is directed through a plane with two slits in it and either slit is observed it will
not go through both slits. If it’s unobserved it will, however, if it’s observed after it’s left the plane but
before it hits its target, it will not have gone through both slits.
Leonard: Agreed, what’s your point?
Sheldon: There’s no point, I just think it’s a good idea for a tee-shirt.
Leonard: Excuse me?
Receptionist: Hang on.
Leonard: One across is Aegean, eight down is Nabakov, twenty-six across is MCM, fourteen down
is… move your finger… phylum, which makes fourteen across Port-au-Prince. See, Papa Doc’s
capital idea, that’s Port-au-Prince. Haiti.
Receptionist: Can I help you?
Leonard: Yes. Um, is this the High IQ sperm bank?
Receptionist: If you have to ask, maybe you shouldn’t be here.
Sheldon: I think this is the place.
Receptionist: Fill these out.
Leonard: Thank-you. We’ll be right back.
Receptionist: Oh, take your time. I’ll just finish my crossword puzzle. Oh wait.
(They sit and begin to fill in forms).
Sheldon: Leonard, I don’t think I can do this.
Leonard: What, are you kidding? You’re a semi-pro.
Sheldon: No. We are committing genetic fraud. There’s no guarantee that our sperm is going to
generate high IQ offspring, think about that. I have a sister with the same basic DNA mix who
hostesses at Fuddruckers.
Leonard: Sheldon, this was your idea. A little extra money to get fractional T1 bandwidth in the apartment.
Sheldon: I know, and I do yearn for faster downloads, but there’s some poor woman is going to pin
her hopes on my sperm, what if she winds up with a toddler who doesn’t know if he should use an
integral or a differential to solve the area under a curve.
Leonard: I’m sure she’ll still love him.
Sheldon: I wouldn’t.
Leonard: Well, what do you want to do?

Sheldon: I want to leave.
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: What’s the protocol for leaving?
Leonard: I don’t know, I’ve never reneged on a proffer of sperm before.
Sheldon: Let’s try just walking out.
Leonard: Okay.
Receptionist: Bye.
Sheldon: Bye-bye
Leonard: See you.
Scene: The stairs of the apartment building.
Sheldon: Are you still mad about the sperm bank?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: You want to hear an interesting thing about stairs?
Leonard: Not really.
Sheldon: If the height of a single step is off by as little as two millimetres, most people will trip.
Leonard: I don’t care. Two millimetres? That doesn’t seem right.
Sheldon: No, it’s true, I did a series of experiments when I was twelve, my father broke his clavicle.
Leonard: Is that why they sent you to boarding school?
Sheldon: No, that was the result of my work with lasers.
Leonard: New neighbour?
Sheldon: Evidently.
Leonard: Significant improvement over the old neighbour.
Sheldon: Two hundred pound transvestite with a skin condition, yes she is.
Penny: Oh, hi!
Leonard: Hi.
Sheldon: Hi.
Leonard: Hi.
Sheldon: Hi.
Penny: Hi?
Leonard: We don’t mean to interrupt, we live across the hall.

Penny: Oh, that’s nice.
Leonard: Oh… uh… no… we don’t live together… um… we live together but in separate,
heterosexual bedrooms.
Penny: Oh, okay, well, guess I’m your new neighbour, Penny.
Leonard: Leonard, Sheldon.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Hi.
Sheldon: Hi.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Hi. Well, uh, oh, welcome to the building.
Penny: Thank you, maybe we can have coffee sometime.
Leonard: Oh, great.
Penny: Great.
Sheldon: Great.
Leonard: Great. Well, bye.
Penny: Bye.
Sheldon: Bye.
Leonard: Bye.
Leonard: Should we have invited her for lunch?
Sheldon: No. We’re going to start Season Two of Battlestar Galactica.
Leonard: We already watched the Season Two DVDs.
Sheldon: Not with commentary.
Leonard: I think we should be good neighbours, invite her over, make her feel welcome.
Sheldon: We never invited Louis-slash-Louise over.
Leonard: Well, then that was wrong of us. We need to widen our circle.
Sheldon: I have a very wide circle. I have 212 friends on myspace.
Leonard: Yes, and you’ve never met one of them.
Sheldon: That’s the beauty of it.
Leonard: I’m going to invite her over. We’ll have a nice meal and chat.
Sheldon: Chat? We don’t chat. At least not offline.

Leonard: Well it’s not difficult, you just listen to what she says and then you say something
appropriate in response.
Sheldon: To what end?
Leonard: Hi. Again.
Penny: Hi.
Sheldon: Hi.
Leonard: Hi.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Anyway, um. We brought home Indian food. And, um. I know that moving can be stressful,
and I find that when I’m undergoing stress, that good food and company can have a comforting effect.
Also, curry is a natural laxative, and I don’t have to tell you that, uh, a clean colon is just one less
thing to worry about.
Sheldon: Leonard, I’m not expert here but I believe in the context of a luncheon invitation, you might
want to skip the reference to bowel movements.
Penny: Oh, you’re inviting me over to eat?
Leonard: Uh, yes.
Penny: Oh, that’s so nice, I’d love to.
Leonard: Great.
Penny: So, what do you guys do for fun around here?
Sheldon: Well, today we tried masturbating for money.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment.
Leonard: Okay, well, make yourself at home.
Penny: Okay, thank you.
Leonard: You’re very welcome.
Penny: This looks like some serious stuff, Leonard, did you do this?
Sheldon: Actually that’s my work.
Penny: Wow.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, it’s just some quantum mechanics, with a little string theory doodling around the
edges. That part there, that’s just a joke, it’s a spoof of the Bourne-Oppenheimer approximation.
Penny: So you’re like, one of those, beautiful mind genius guys.
Sheldon: Yeah.
Penny: This is really impressive.

Leonard: I have a board. If you like boards, this is my board.
Penny: Holy smokes.
Sheldon: If by holy smokes you mean a derivative restatement of the kind of stuff you can find
scribbled on the wall of any men’s room at MIT, sure.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Oh, come on. Who hasn’t seen this differential below “here I sit broken hearted?”
Leonard: At least I didn’t have to invent twenty-six dimensions just to make the math come out.
Sheldon: I didn’t invent them, they’re there.
Leonard: In what universe?
Sheldon: In all of them, that is the point.
Penny: Uh, do you guys mind if I start?
Sheldon: Um, Penny, that’s where I sit.
Penny: So, sit next to me.
Sheldon: No, I sit there.
Penny: What’s the difference?
Sheldon: What’s the difference?
Leonard: Here we go.
Sheldon: In the winter that seat is close enough to the radiator to remain warm, and yet not so close as
to cause perspiration. In the summer it’s directly in the path of a cross breeze created by open
windows there, and there. It faces the television at an angle that is neither direct, thus discouraging
conversation, nor so far wide to create a parallax distortion, I could go on, but I think I’ve made my
point.
Penny: Do you want me to move?
Sheldon: Well.
Leonard: Just sit somewhere else.
Sheldon: Fine. (Wanders in circles, looking lost.)
Leonard: Sheldon, sit!
Sheldon: Aaah!
Leonard: Well this is nice. We don’t have a lot of company over.
Sheldon: That’s not true. Koothrapali and Wolowitz come over all the time.
Leonard: Yes I now, but…
Sheldon: Tuesday night we played Klingon boggle until one in the morning.

Leonard: Yes, I remember.
Sheldon: I resent you saying we don’t have company.
Leonard: I’m sorry.
Sheldon: That is an antisocial implication.
Leonard: I said I’m sorry.
Penny: So, Klingon boggle?
Leonard: Yeah, it’s like regular boggle but, in Klingon. That’s probably enough about us, tell us about
you.
Penny: Um, me, okay, I’m Sagittarius, which probably tells you way more than you need to know.
Sheldon: Yes, it tells us that you participate in the mass cultural delusion that the Sun’s apparent
position relative to arbitrarily defined constellations and the time of your birth somehow effects your
personality.
Penny: Participate in the what?
Leonard: I think what Sheldon’s trying to say, is that Sagittarius wouldn’t have been our first guess.
Penny: Oh, yeah, a lot of people think I’m a water sign. Okay, let’s see, what else, oh, I’m a
vegetarian, oh, except for fish, and the occasional steak, I love steak.
Sheldon: That’s interesting. Leonard can’t process corn.
Leonard: Wu-uh, do you have some sort of a job?
Penny: Oh, yeah, I’m a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: Oh, okay. I love cheesecake.
Sheldon: You’re lactose intolerant.
Leonard: I don’t eat it, I just think it’s a good idea.
Penny: Oh, anyways, I’m also writing a screenplay. It’s about this sensitive girl who comes to L.A.
from Lincoln Nebraska to be an actress, and winds up a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: So it’s based on your life?
Penny: No, I’m from Omaha.
Leonard: Well, if that was a movie I would go see it.
Penny: I know, right? Okay, let’s see, what else? Um, that’s about it. That’s the story of Penny.
Leonard: Well it sounds wonderful.
Penny: It was. Until I fell in love with a jerk.
Sheldon (mouths): What’s happening.
Leonard (mouths back): I don’t know.

Penny: Oh God, you know, four years I lived with him, four years, that’s like as long as High School.
Sheldon: It took you four years to get through High School?
Leonard: Don’t.
Penny: I just, I can’t believe I trusted him.
Leonard: Should I say something? I feel like I should say something.
Sheldon: You? No, you’ll only make it worse.
Penny: You want to know the most pathetic part? Even though I hate his lying, cheating guts, I still
love him. Is that crazy?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: No, it’s not crazy it’s, uh, uh, it’s a paradox. And paradoxes are part of nature, think about
light. Now if you look at Huygens, light is a wave, as confirmed by the double slit experiments, but
then, along comes Albert Einstein and discovers that light behaves like particles too. Well, I didn’t
make it worse.
Penny: Oh, I’m so sorry, I’m such a mess, and on top of everything else I’m all gross from moving
and my stupid shower doesn’t even work.
Leonard: Our shower works.
Penny: Really? Would it be totally weird if I used it?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: No?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: It’s right down the hall.
Penny: Thanks. You guys are really sweet.
Sheldon: Well this is an interesting development.
Leonard: How so?
Sheldon: It has been some time since we’ve had a woman take her clothes off in our apartment.
Leonard: That’s not true, remember at Thanksgiving my grandmother with Alzheimer’s had that
episode.
Sheldon: Point taken. It has been some time since we’ve had a woman take her clothes off after which
we didn’t want to rip our eyes out.
Leonard: The worst part was watching her carve that turkey.
Sheldon: So, what exactly are you trying to accomplish here?

Leonard: Excuse me?
Sheldon: That woman in there’s not going to have sex with you.
Leonard: Well I’m not trying to have sex with her.
Sheldon: Oh, good. Then you won’t be disappointed.
Leonard: What makes you think she wouldn’t have sex with me, I’m a male and she’s a female?
Sheldon: Yes, but not of the same species.
Leonard: I’m not going to engage in hypotheticals here, I’m just trying to be a good neighbour.
Sheldon: Oh, of course.
Leonard: That’s not to say that if a carnal relationship were to develop that I wouldn’t participate.
However briefly.
Sheldon: Do you think this possibility will be helped or hindered when she discovers your Luke
Skywalker no-more-tears shampoo?
Leonard: It’s Darth Vader shampoo. (There is a knock on the door.) Luke Skywalker’s the conditioner.
Howard: Wait till you see this.
Raj: It’s fantastic. Unbelievable.
Leonard: See what?
Howard: It’s a Stephen Hawking lecture from MIT in 1974.
Leonard: This is not a good time.
Howard: It’s before he became a creepy computer voice:.
Leonard: That’s great, you guys have to go.
Raj: Why?
Leonard: It’s just not a good time.
Sheldon: Leonard has a lady over.
Howard: Yeah, right, your grandmother back in town?
Leonard: No. And she’s not a lady, she’s just a new neighbour.
Howard: Hang on, there really is a lady here?
Leonard: Uh-huh.
Howard: And you want us out because you’re anticipating coitus?
Leonard: I’m not anticipating coitus.
Howard: So she’s available for coitus?
Leonard: Can we please stop saying coitus?

Sheldon: Technically that would be coitus interruptus.
Penny: Hey, is there a trick to getting it to switch from tub to shower. Oh. Hi, sorry. Hello!
Howard: Enchante Madamoiselle. Howard Wolowitz, Cal-Tech department of Applied Physics. You
may be familiar with some of my work, it’s currently orbiting Jupiter’s largest moon taking highresolution digital photographs.
Penny: Penny. I work at the Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: Come on, I’ll show you the trick with the shower.
Howard: Bon douche.
Penny: I’m sorry?
Howard: It’s French for good shower. It’s a sentiment I can express in six languages.
Leonard: Save it for your blog, Howard.
Howard: See-ka-tong-guay-jow.
Scene: In the bathroom.
Leonard: Uh, there it goes, it sticks, I’m sorry.
Penny: Okay. Thanks.
Leonard: You’re welcome, oh, you’re going to step right, okay, I’ll….
Penny: Hey, Leonard?
Leonard: The hair products are Sheldon’s.
Penny: Um, okay. Can I ask you a favour.
Leonard: A favour? Sure, you can ask me a favour, I would do you a favour for you.
Penny: It’s okay if you say no.
Leonard: Oh, I’ll probably say yes.
Penny: It’s just not the kind of thing you ask a guy you’ve just met.
Leonard: Wow.
Scene: Leonard and Sheldon, Inside Leonard’s car
Sheldon: I really think we should examine the chain of causality here.
Leonard: Must we?
Sheldon: Event A. A beautiful woman stands naked in our shower. Event B. We drive half way across
town to retrieve a television set from the aforementioned woman’s ex-boyfriend. Query, on what
plane of existence is there even a semi-rational link between these events?
Leonard: She asked me to do her a favour, Sheldon.

Sheldon: Ah, yes, well that may be the proximal cause of our journey, but we both know it only exists
in contradistinction to the higher level distal cause.
Leonard: Which is?
Sheldon: You think with your penis.
Leonard: That’s a biological impossibility and you didn’t have to come.
Sheldon: Oh, right, yes, I could have stayed behind and watched Wolowitz try to hit on Penny in
Russian, Arabic and Farsi. Why can’t she get her own TV.
Leonard: Come on, you know how it is with break-ups.
Sheldon: No I don’t. And neither do you.
Leonard: Wuh, I, I broke up with Joyce Kim.
Sheldon: You did not break up with Joyce Kim, she defected to North Korea.
Leonard: To mend her broken heart. This situation is much less complicated. There’s some kind of
dispute between Penny and her ex-boyfriend as to who gets custody of the TV. She just wanted to
avoid having a scene with him.
Sheldon: So we get to have a scene with him?
Leonard: No, Sheldon, there’s not going to be a scene. There’s two of us and one of him.
Sheldon: Leonard, the two of us can’t even carry a TV.
Scene: Back at the apartment.
Penny (to Raj): So, you guys work with Leonard and Sheldon at the University?
(Raj looks at her, looks back at his food, takes a mouthful).
Penny: Uh, I’m sorry, do you speak English?
Howard: Oh, he speaks English, he just can’t speak to women.
Penny: Really, why?
Howard: He’s kind of a nerd. Juice box?
Scene: Outside Penny’s old apartment building.
Leonard (pushes buzzer): I’ll do the talking.
Voice from buzzer: Yeah.
Leonard: Hi, I’m Leonard, this is Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: What did I just…. Uh, we’re here to pick up Penny’s TV.
Voice: Get lost.
Sheldon: Okay, thanks for your time.

Leonard: We’re not going to give up just like that.
Sheldon: Leonard, the TV is in the building, we’ve been denied access to the building, ergo we are
done.
Leonard: Excuse me, if I were to give up at the first little hitch I never would have been able to
identify the fingerprints of string theory in the aftermath of the big bang.
Sheldon: My apologies. What’s your plan.
(Leonard starts rattling the doors violently.)
Sheldon: It’s just a privilege to watch your mind at work.
Leonard: Come on, we have a combined IQ of 360, we should be able to figure out how to get into a
stupid building.
(Two girl scouts arrive carrying bags of cookies. One runs her hand down the intercom, pushing all
the buttons. The door is buzzed open.)
Sheldon: What do you think their combined IQ is?
Leonard: Just grab the door.
Scene: Outside Penny’s ex-boyfriend’s apartment.
Leonard: This is it. (Knocks.) I’ll do the talking.
Sheldon: Good thinking, I’ll just be the muscle.
Enormous man: Yeah?
Leonard: I’m Leonard, this is Sheldon.
Sheldon: From the intercom.
Man: How the hell did you get in the building?
Leonard: Oh. We’re scientists.
Sheldon: Tell him about our IQ.
Scene: Outside the apartment building. Leonard and Sheldon exit. They are not wearing trousers.
Sheldon: Leonard.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: My mom bought me those pants.
Leonard: I’m sorry.
Sheldon: You’re going to have to call her.
Scene: On the stairs of Sheldon and Leonard’s building.
Leonard: Sheldon, I’m so sorry I dragged you through this.
Sheldon: It’s okay. It wasn’t my first pantsing, and it won’t be my last.

Leonard: And you were right about my motives, I was hoping to establish a relationship with Penny
that might have some day led to sex.
Sheldon: Well you got me out of my pants.
Leonard: Anyway, I’ve learned my lesson. She’s out of my league, I’m done with her, I’ve got my
work, one day I’ll win the Nobel Prize and then I’ll die alone.
Sheldon: Don’t think like that, you’re not going to die alone.
Leonard: Thank you Sheldon, you’re a good friend.
Sheldon: And you’re certainly not going to win a Nobel Prize.
Scene: Inside Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment.
Howard: This is one of my favourite places to kick back after a quest, they have a great house ale.
Penny: Wow, cool tiger.
Howard: Yeah, I’ve had him since level ten. His name is Buttons. Anyway, if you had your own game
character we could hang out, maybe go on a quest.
Penny: Uh, sounds interesting.
Howard: So you’ll think about it?
Penny: Oh, I don’t think I’ll be able to stop thinking about it.
Raj: Smooth.
Leonard: We’re home.
Penny: Oh, my God, what happened?
Leonard: Well, your ex-boyfriend sends his regards and I think the rest is fairly self-explanatory.
Penny: I’m so sorry, I really thought if you guys went instead of me he wouldn’t be such an ass.
Leonard: No, it was a valid hypothesis.
Sheldon: That was a valid hypothesis? What is happening to you?
Penny: Really, thank you so much for going and trying you’re, uh, you’re so terrific. Why don’t you
put some clothes on, I’ll get my purse and dinner is on me, okay?
Leonard: Really? Great.
Sheldon: Thank you. You’re not done with her, are you?
Leonard: Our babies will be smart and beautiful.
Sheldon: Not to mention imaginary.
Scene: All five in Leonard’s car.
Leonard: Is Thai food okay with you Penny?
Penny: Sure.

Sheldon: We can’t have Thai food, we had Indian for lunch.
Penny: So?
Sheldon: They’re both curry based cuisines.
Penny: So?
Sheldon: They would be gastronomically redundant. I can see we’re going to have to spell out
everything for this girl.
Penny: Any ideas Raj? (He just looks at her with a worried expression.)
Howard: Turn left on Lake Street and head up to Colorado. I know a wonderful little sushi bar that
has karaoke.
Penny: That sounds like fun.
Howard (sings): Baby, baby don’t get hooked on me. Uh, baby, baby don’t get hooked on me.
Sheldon: I don’t know what your odds are in the world as a whole, but as far as the population of this
car goes, you’re a veritable Mack Daddy.

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 02
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment. Sheldon, Leonard, Howard and Raj are present.
Leonard: There you go, Pad Thai, no peanuts.
Howard: But does it have peanut oil?
Leonard: Uh, I’m not sure, everyone keep an eye on Howard in case he starts to swell up.
Sheldon: Since it’s not bee season, you can have my epinephrine.
Raj: Are there any chopsticks?
Sheldon: You don’t need chopsticks, this is Thai food.
Leonard: Here we go.
Sheldon: Thailand has had the fork since the latter half of the nineteenth century. Interestingly they
don’t actually put the fork in their mouth, they use it to put the food on a spoon which then goes into
their mouth.
Leonard: Ask him for a napkin, I dare you. (There is a knock on the door.) I’ll get it.
Howard: Do I look puffy? I feel puffy.
(Leonard opens door to Penny, steps into hallway)
Penny: Hey Leonard.
Leonard: Oh, hi Penny.
Penny: Am I interrupting.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon (off): You’re not swelling, Howard.
Howard (off): No, no, look at my fingers, they’re like Vienna sausages.
Penny: Sounds like you have company.
Leonard: They’re not going anywhere. (Closes door, staying in hallway.) So, you’re coming home
from work. That’s great. How was work.
Penny: Well, you know, it’s the Cheesecake Factory. People order cheesecake, and I bring it to them.
Leonard: So, you sort of act as a carbohydrate delivery system.
Penny: Yeah, call it whatever you want, I get minimum wage. Yeah, anyways, I was wondering if you
could help me out with something, I was….
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: Oh. Okay, great, I’m having some furniture delivered tomorrow, and I may not be here, so….
(apartment door opens, Sheldon, Raj and Howard appear) Oh! Hel…hello!

Howard: (speaks a phrase in Russian).
Penny: I’m sorry?
Howard: Haven’t you ever been told how beautiful you are in flawless Russian?
Penny: No, I haven’t.
Howard: Get used to it.
Penny: Yeah, I probably won’t, but… Hey Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hi.
Penny: Hey Raj! (Raj looks uncomfortable) Still not talking to me, huh?
Sheldon: Don’t take it personally, it’s his pathology, he can’t talk to women.
Howard: He can’t talk to attractive women, or in your case a cheesecake–scented Goddess!
Leonard: So, there’s gonna be some furniture delivered?
Penny: Yeah, yeah, if it gets here and I’m not here tomorrow could you just sign for it and have them
put it in my apartment.
Leonard: Yeah, no problem.
Penny: Great, here’s my spare key. Thank you.
Leonard: Penny, wait.
Penny: Yeah?
Leonard: Um, if you don’t have any other plans, do you want to join us for Thai food and a Superman
movie marathon?
Penny: A marathon? Wow, how many Superman movies are there?
Sheldon: You’re kidding, right?
Penny: Yeah, I do like the one where Lois Lane falls from the helicopter and Superman swooshes
down and catches her, which one was that?
Leonard,Sheldon and Howard together: One. (Raj raises one finger).
Sheldon: You realise that scene was rife with scientific inaccuracy.
Penny: Yes, I know, men can’t fly.
Sheldon: Oh no, let’s assume that they can. Lois Lane is falling, accelerating at an initial rate of 32
feet per second per second. Superman swoops down to save her by reaching out two arms of steel.
Miss Lane, who is now travelling at approximately 120 miles per hour, hits them, and is immediately
sliced into three equal pieces.
Leonard: Unless, Superman matches her speed and decelerates.
Sheldon: In what space, sir, in what space? She’s two feet above the ground. Frankly, if he really
loved her, he’d let her hit the pavement. It would be a more merciful death.

Leonard: Excuse me, your entire argument is predicated on the assumption that Superman’s flight is a
feat of strength.
Sheldon: Are you listening to yourself, it is well established that Superman’s flight is a feat of
strength, it is an extension of his ability to leap tall buildings, an ability he derives from Earth’s
yellow Sun.
Howard: Yeah, and you don’t have a problem with that, how does he fly at night.
Sheldon: Uh, a combination of the moon’s solar reflection and the energy storage capacity of
Kryptonian skin cells.
Penny: I’m just going to go wash up.
Leonard: I have 26 hundred comic books in there, I challenge you to find a single reference to
Kryptonian skin cells.
Sheldon: Challenge accepted. (Tries door.) We’re locked out.
Raj: Also, the pretty girl left.
Credit sequence.
Scene: Ground floor hallway of the apartment building. Leonard is signing for the delivery.
Leonard: Okay, her apartment’s on the fourth floor but the elevator’s broken so you’re going to have
to (delivery man leaves) oh, you’re just going to be done, okay, cool, thanks. I guess we’ll just bring it
up ourselves.
Sheldon: I hardly think so.
Leonard: Why not?
Sheldon: Well, we don’t have a dolly, or lifting belts, or any measurable upper body strength.
Leonard: We don’t need strength, we’re physicists. We are the intellectual descendents of Archimedes.
Give me a fulcrum and a lever and I can move the Earth, it’s just a matter… (starts to move package)
I don’t have this… I don’t have this I don’t have this.
Sheldon: Archimedes would be so proud.
Leonard: Do you have any ideas?
Sheldon: Yes, but they all involve a green lantern and a power ring.
Time shift, Leonard and Sheldon are now lowering the package onto the bottom of the stairs.
Leonard: Easy, easy (package falls) Okay! Now we’ve got an inclined plane. The force required to lift
is reduced by the sine of the angle of the stairs, call it thirty degrees, so about half.
Sheldon: Exactly half.
Leonard (snarkily): Exactly half. Let’s push. Okay, see, it’s moving, this is easy, all in the math.
Sheldon: What’s your formula for the corner.
Leonard: What? Oh, okay, uh, okay, yeah, no problem, just come up here and help me pull and turn.
(Sheldon heads up the stairs. The package slides back down to the bottom.)

Sheldon: Ah, gravity, thou art a heartless bitch.
Time shift, they now have the package on an upstairs hallway, not their own.
Sheldon: You do understand that our efforts here will in no way increase the odds of you having
sexual congress with this woman?
Leonard: Men do things for women without expecting sex.
Sheldon: Yeah, those are men who just had sex.
Leonard: I’m doing this to be a good neighbour. In any case, there’s no way it could lower the odds.
Quick cut to the hallway of their floor, they are nearing the top of the staircase.
Leonard: Almost there, almost there, almost there. (Lets go of package, it starts to slip down)
Sheldon: No we’re not, no we’re not, no we’re not.
Scene: Inside Penny’s apartment. They are laying the package down on the floor.
Sheldon: Watch your fingers. Watch your fingers. Oh God, my fingers!
Leonard: You okay?
Sheldon: No, it hurt… (looking around) Great Caesar’s Ghost, look at this place?
Leonard: So Penny’s a little messy.
Sheldon: A little messy? The Mandelbrot set of complex numbers is a little messy, this is chaos.
Excuse me, explain to me an organisational system where a tray of flatware on a couch is valid. I’m
just inferring that this is a couch, because the evidence suggests the coffee table’s having a tiny garage
sale.
Leonard: Did it ever occur to you that not everyone has the compulsive need to sort, organise and
label the entire world around them?
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Well they don’t. Hard as it may be for you to believe, most people don’t sort their breakfast
cereal numerically by fibre content.
Sheldon: Excuse me, but I think we’ve both found that helpful at times.
Leonard: Come on, we should go.
Sheldon: Hang on.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: Straightening up.
Leonard: Sheldon, this is not your home.
Sheldon: This is not anyone’s home, this is a swirling vortex of entropy.
Leonard: When the transvestite lived here, you didn’t care how he kept the place.

Sheldon: Because it was immaculate, I mean, you open that man’s closet, it was left to right, evening
gowns, cocktail dresses, then his police uniforms.
Leonard: What were you doing in his closet?
Sheldon: I helped run some cable for a webcam.
Penny (entering): Hey guys.
Leonard: Oh, hey Penny, this just arrived, we just brought this up, just now.
Penny: Great. Was it hard getting it up the stairs?
Sheldon: (sucks in breath)
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: No?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Well, we’ll get out of your hair.
Penny: Oh, great, thank you again (she throws her jacket over the back of the sofa).
Sheldon: Penny, I just want you to know that, you don’t have to live like this. I’m here for you.
Penny: What’s he talking about?
Leonard: It’s a joke.
Penny: I don’t get it.
Leonard: Yeah, he didn’t tell it right.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom, he is asleep. Sound of door opening and closing somewhere else is heard.
Leonard wakes, puts on his glasses and looks at the clock. It is 2:16.
Leonard: Sheldon?
Scene: The living room. Leonard enters carrying a light sabre.
Leonard: Sheldon? Hello?
(Notices front door is open, turns off light sabre.)
Scene: Penny’s apartment, penny is sleeping, Sheldon is cleaning. Leonard enters.
Leonard: Sheldon!
Sheldon: Sssshhhh! Penny’s sleeping.
Leonard: Are you insane, you can’t just break into a woman’s apartment in the middle of the night
and clean.

Sheldon: I had no choice. I couldn’t sleep knowing that just outside my bedroom was our living room,
and just outside our living room was that hallway, and immediately adjacent to that hallway was…
this.
Leonard: Do you realise that if Penny wakes up, there is no reasonable explanation as to why we’re
here?
Sheldon: I just gave you a reasonable explanation.
Leonard: No, no. You gave me an explanation, it’s reasonableness will be determined by a jury of
your peers.
Sheldon: Don’t be ridiculous. I have no peers.
Leonard: Sheldon, we have to get out of here.
(Penny snores)
Sheldon: You might want to speak in a lower register.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Evolution has made women sensitive to high pitched noises while they sleep, so that they’ll
be roused by a crying baby. If you want to avoid waking her, speak in a lower register.
Leonard: That’s ridiculous. (Penny snores again.)
Sheldon: No, (lowering his voice dramatically,) that’s ridiculous.
Leonard (doing likewise): Fine. I accept your premise, now please let’s go.
Sheldon: I am not leaving until I’m done.
Leonard: O-o-o-oh! (Collapses against wall).
Sheldon: If you have time to lean, you have time to clean.
Leonard: Oh, what the hell.
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s living room, morning. Sheldon enters, singing to himself.
Sheldon: Morning.
Leonard: Morning.
Sheldon: I have to say, I slept splendidly. Granted, not long, but just deeply and well.
Leonard: I’m not surprised. A well known folk cure for insomnia is to break into your neighbour’s
apartment and clean.
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Leonard: You think?
Sheldon: Granted, my methods may have been somewhat unorthodox, but I think the end result will
be a measurable enhancement of Penny’s quality of life.
Leonard: You know what, you’ve convinced me, maybe tonight we should sneak in and shampoo her
carpet.

Sheldon: You don’t think that crosses a line?
Leonard: Yes! For God’s sake, Sheldon, do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my
mouth.
Sheldon: You have a sarcasm sign?
Leonard: No, I do not have a sarcasm sign.
Sheldon: Do you want some cereal. I’m feeling so good today I’m going to choose from the low fibre
end of the shelf. Hello, Honey Puffs.
Penny (voice off): Son of a Bitch!
Leonard: Penny’s up.
Penny (voice off): You sick, geeky bastards!
Leonard: How did she know it was us?
Sheldon: I may have left a suggested organisational schematic for her bedroom closet.
Penny (voice off): Leonard!
Leonard: God, this is going to be bad.
Sheldon: Goodbye, Honey Puffs, hello Big Bran.
Penny (entering): You came into my apartment last night when I was sleeping?
Leonard: Yes, but, only to clean.
Sheldon: Really more to organise, you’re not actually dirty, per se.
Penny: Give me back my key.
Leonard: I’m very, very sorry.
Penny: Do you understand how creepy this is.
Leonard: Oh, yes, we discussed it at length last night.
Penny: In my apartment, while I was sleeping.
Sheldon: And snoring. And that’s probably just a sinus infection, but it could be sleep apnoea, you
might want to see an otolaryngologist. It’s a throat doctor.
Penny: And what kind of doctor removes shoes from asses?
Sheldon: Depending on the depth, that’s either a proctologist or a general surgeon. (Leonard holds up
a sign reading “Sarcasm”) Oh!
Penny: God!
Leonard: Okay, look, no Penny, I think what you’re feeling is perfectly valid, and maybe a little bit
later today when you’re feeling a little bit less, for lack of a better word, violated, maybe we could
talk about this some more.
Penny: Stay away from me.

Leonard: Sure, that’s another way to go.
Sheldon: Penny, Penny, just to clarify because there will be a discussion when you leave, is your
objection solely to our presence in the apartment while you were sleeping, or do you also object to the
imposition of a new organisational paradigm. (Penny stares in disbelief, then leaves.) Well that was a
little non-responsive.
Leonard: You are going to march yourself over there right now and apologise. (Sheldon laughs.)
What’s funny?
Sheldon: That wasn’t sarcasm?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Wooh, boy, you are all over the place this morning. (Knocks on Penny’s door.) I have a
masters and two PhD’s, I should not have to do this.
Penny (opening door): What?
Sheldon: I am truly sorry for what happened last night, I take full responsibility. And I hope that it
won’t colour your opinion of Leonard, who is not only a wonderful guy, but also, I hear, a gentle and
thorough lover. (Penny closes door in his face.) I did what I could.
Scene: The stairwell. Raj is coming up the stairs, he meets Penny who is going down.
Penny: Hey Raj. (Raj stands looking uncomfortable.) Hey, listen, I don’t know if you heard about
what happened last night with Leonard and Sheldon, but I’m really upset about it, I mean they just,
they let themselves into my place, and then they cleaned it, I mean can you even believe that? How
weird is that?
Raj (internally, while Penny continues to talk): Ooh, she’s standing very close to me. Oh my, she does
smell good. What is that, vanilla?
Penny: You know, where I come from, someone comes into your house at night, you shoot, okay?
And you don’t shoot to wound. I mean, alright, my sister shot her husband, but it was an accident,
they were drunk. What was I saying?
Raj (internally): She’s so chatty. Maybe my parents are right. Maybe I’d be better off with an Indian
girl. We’d have the same cultural background, and my wife would sing to my children the same
lullabies my mother sang to me.
Penny: It’s obvious that they meant well, but I’m just, I’m having a really rough time, like I said, I
broke up with my boyfriend, and it’s just freaking me out.
Raj (internally sings an Indian lullaby.)
Penny: I mean, just because most of the men I’ve known in my life happen to be jerks, doesn’t mean I
should just assume Leonard and Sheldon are. Right?
Raj (internally): She asked me a question. I should probably nod. (Does.)
Penny: That’s exactly what I thought. Thank you for listening. You’re a doll. (She hugs him.)
Raj (internally): Oh-oh. Turn your pelvis. (Does.)
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s living room. Howard is there, playing on a dance video game.
Howard (jumping off game mat): Grab a napkin, homie. You just got served.

Leonard: It’s fine. You win.
Howard: What’s his problem?
Sheldon: His imaginary girlfriend broke up with him.
Howard: Been there.
Raj (entering): Hello. Sorry I’m late. But I was in the hallway, chatting up Penny.
Howard: Really? You? Rajesh Koothrapali, spoke to Penny?
Raj: Actually, I was less the chatter than the chattee.
Leonard: What did she say? Is she still mad at me?
Raj: Well, she was upset at first, but, probably because her sister shot somebody. Then there was
something about you and… then she hugged me.
Howard: She hugged you? How did she hug you? (Raj hugs Howard.) Is that her perfume I smell?
Raj: intoxicating, isn’t it?
Scene: The hallway, Leonard puts a note under Penny’s door. It opens.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Oh.
Penny: What’s going on?
Leonard: Um, here’s the thing. (Reads from note.) Penny. Just as Oppenheimer came to regret his
contributions to the first atomic bomb, so too I regret my participation in what was, at the very least,
an error in judgement. The hallmark of the great human experiment is the willingness to recognise
one’s mistakes. Some mistakes, such as Madame Curie’s discovery of Radium turned out to have
great scientific potential even though she would later die a slow, painful death from radiation
poisoning. Another example, from the field of ebola research….
Penny: Leonard.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny (hugs him): We’re okay. (Kisses him on cheek. Closes door. Leonard looks happy, walks back
across hallway and straight into the apartment door.)
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Sheldon and Leonard are trying to construct furniture.
Leonard: Six two inch dowels.
Sheldon: Check.
Leonard: One package, Phillips head screws.
Sheldon: Check.
Penny: Guys, seriously, I grew up on a farm, okay, I rebuilt a tractor engine when I was like twelve, I
think I can put together a cheap Swedish media centre.
Leonard: No, please, we insist, it’s the least we can do considering.

Sheldon: Considering what? How great this place looks?
Howard (across room with Raj): Oh boy, I was afraid of this.
Leonard: What?
Howard: These instructions are a pictographic representation of the least imaginative way to assemble
these components. This right here is why Sweden has no space program.
Penny: Well, uh, it looked pretty good in the store.
Leonard: It is an inefficient design, for example Penny has a flat screen TV, which means all the
space behind it is wasted.
Sheldon: We could put her stereo back there.
Leonard: And control it how?
Sheldon: Run an infra-red repeater, photocell here, emitter here, easy peasy.
Howard (after Raj whispers in his ear): Good point, how you gonna cool it?
Penny: Hey guys, I got this.
Sheldon: Hang on Penny. How about fans, here and here?
Leonard: Also inefficient, and might be loud.
Howard: How about liquid coolant? Maybe a little aquarium pump here, run some quarter inch
PVC…
Penny: Guys, this is actually really simple.
Howard: Hold on, honey, men at work. The PVC comes down here, maybe a little corrugated sheet
metal as a radiator here.
Leonard: Oh, really, show me where we put a drip tray, a sluice and an overflow reservoir?
Sheldon: And if water is involved we’re going to have to ground the crap out of the thing.
Penny: Guys, it’s hot in here, I think I’ll just take off all my clothes.
Leonard: Oh, I’ve got it. How about if we replace panels A, B and F and crossbar H with aircraft
grade aluminium.
Sheldon: Right, then the entire thing’s one big heat sink.
Howard: Perfect, Leonard, why don’t you and Sheldon go down to the junk yard and pick up about
six square metres of scrap aluminium, Raj and I will run down to my lab and get the oxy-acetaline
torch.
Leonard: Meet back here in an hour?
Howard: Done.
Leonard: Got it. (They all leave).
Penny: Okay, this place does look pretty good.

Teleplay: Robert Cohen & Dave Goetsch
Story: Chuck Lorre & Bill Prady

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 03
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment. Sheldon, Leonard, Howard and Raj are using laptops. All
are wearing microphone headsets.
Howard: Alright, just a few more feet, and…. here we are gentlemen, the Gates of Elzebub.
Sheldon: Good lord!
Raj: Oooh.
Leonard: Don’t panic, this is what the last 97 hours have been about.
Howard: Stay frosty, there’s a horde of armed goblins on the other side of that gate guarding the
Sword of Azeroth.
Leonard: Warriors, unsheathe your weapons, magic wielders raise your wands.
Sheldon: Lock and load.
Howard: Raj, blow up the gates.
Raj: Blowing the gates. Control, shift, B! Oh, my God, so many goblins!
Howard: Don’t just stand there, slash and move, slash and move.
Leonard: Stay in formation.
Howard: Leonard, you’ve got one on your tail.
Leonard: That’s alright, my tail’s prehensile, I’ll swat him off.
Raj: I’ve got him Leonard. Tonight I spice my meat with goblin blood!
Leonard: Raj, no, it’s a trap, they’re flanking us!
Raj: Oooh, he’s got me.
Howard: Sheldon, he’s got Raj, use your sleath spell. Sheldon! Sheldon!
Sheldon: I’ve got the Sword of Azeroth!
Leonard: Forget the sword, Sheldon, help Raj.
Sheldon: There is no more Sheldon, I am the Swordmaster!
Howard: Leonard look out!
Leonard: Dammit man, we’re dying here.
Sheldon: Goodbye, peasants.
Leonard: The bastard teleported.
Raj: He’s selling the Sword of Azeroth on ebay.
Leonard: You betrayed us for money, who are you?

Sheldon: I’m a rogue knight elf, don’t you people read character descriptions? Wait, wait, wait,
somebody just clicked “buy it now.”
Howard: I am the Swordmaster!
Credits sequence
Scene: The same.
Sheldon: Wooh, I’m all sweaty, anybody want to log on to second life and go swimming, I just built a
virtual pool.
Leonard: No, I can’t look at you or your avatar right now.
(Sound of female laughter from out in the hall).
Howard: Sounds like your neighbour’s home.
Leonard: Excuse me.
Sheldon: Don’t forget the mail you took accidentally on purpose so you’d have an excuse to talk to
her.
Leonard: Oh, right, right right right right.
Howard: Stealing snail mail, very old school, I like it.
Leonard (exiting to hallway): Penny, the mailman did it again, he… (looks up to see Penny kissing a
hunky man) Oh! Sorry.
Penny: Um, no, hi Leonard, this is Doug, Doug, this is my neighbour Leonard.
Doug: What’s up bro.
Leonard: Not much. Bro.
Penny: Is, is everything okay.
Leonard: Uh, yeah, uh, I just, I got your mail again, here.
Penny: Thank you, I’ve got to talk to that mailman.
Leonard: Oh no, that’s probably not such a good idea. Civil servants have a documented propensity to,
you know, snap.
Penny: Okay, well, thank you, again.
Leonard: No problem. Bye. Oh, and, bye, bro! (Returns to apartment).
Sheldon: Penny for your thoughts.
Raj: What’s the matter.
Leonard: No, I’m fine. Penny’s fine, the guy she’s kissing is really fine and…
Howard: Kissing, what kind of kissing? Cheeks? Lips? Chaste? French?
Leonard: What is wrong with you?

Howard: I’m a romantic.
Sheldon: Please don’t tell me that your hopeless infatuation is devolving into pointless jealousy.
Leonard: No, I’m not jealous, I’m just a little concerned for her. I didn’t like the look of the guy that
she was with.
Howard: Because he looked better than you?
Leonard: Yeah. He was kinda dreamy.
Sheldon: Well, at least now you can retrieve the black box from the twisted smouldering wreckage
that was once your fantasy of dating her, and analyse the data so that you don’t crash into geek
mountain again.
Howard: I disagree, love is not a sprint, it’s a marathon. A relentless pursuit that only ends when she
falls into your arms. Or hits you with the pepper spray.
Leonard: Well, I’m done with Penny. I’m going to be more realistic and go after someone my own
speed.
Raj: Like who?
Leonard: I don’t know. Olivia Geiger?
Sheldon: The dietician at the cafeteria with the limp and the lazy eye?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Well, I don’t think you have a shot there. I have noticed that Lesley Winkle recently started
shaving her legs. Now, given that winter is coming one can only assume that she is signalling sexual
availability.
Howard: I don’t know, you guys work in the same lab.
Leonard: So?
Howard: There are pitfalls, trust me, I know. When it comes to sexual harassment law I’m… a bit of a
self-taught expert.
Leonard: Look, Howard, if I were to ask Lesley Winkle out it would just be for dinner, I’m not going
to walk into the lab, ask her to strip naked and dance for me.
Howard: Oh, then you’re probably okay.
Scene: Howard and Lesley’s lab.
Leonard: Hello Lesley.
Lesley: Hi Leonard.
Leonard: Lesley I would like to propose an experiment.
Lesley: Goggles, Leonard.
Leonard: Right. Lesley, I would like to propose an experiment.
Lesley: Hang on. I’m trying to see how long it takes a five hundred kilowatt oxygen iodine laser to
heat up my cup o’ noodles.

Leonard: Pfff, I’ve done it, about two seconds, 2.6 for minestrone. Anyway, I was thinking more of a
bio-social exploration with a neuro-chemical overlay.
Lesley: Wait, are you asking me out?
Leonard: I was going to characterise it as the modification of our colleague/friendship paradigm, with
the addition of a date-like component. But we don’t need to quibble over terminology.
Lesley: What sort of experiment would you propose?
Leonard: There is a generally accepted pattern in this area, I would pick you up, take you to a
restaurant, then we would see a movie, probably a romantic comedy featuring the talents of Hugh
Grant or Sandra Bullock.
Lesley: Interesting. And would you agree that the primary way we would evaluate either the success
or failure of the date would be based on the bio-chemical reaction during the goodnight kiss.
Leonard: Heartrate, pheromones, etc, yes.
Lesley: Well, why don’t we just stipulate that the date goes well and move to the key variable.
Leonard: You mean, kiss you now?
Lesley: Yes.
Leonard: Can you define the parameters of the kiss?
Lesley: Closed mouth but romantic. Mint?
Leonard: Thank you. (Takes mint). Shall I count down from three?
Lesley: No, I think it needs to be spontaneous.
(They kiss.)
Lesley: What do you think.
Leonard: You proposed the experiment, I think you should present your findings first.
Lesley: Fair enough. On the plus side, it was a good kiss, reasonable technique, no extraneous spittle.
On the other hand, no arousal.
Leonard: None?
Lesley: None.
Leonard: Ah. Well, thank you for your time.
Lesley: Thank you.
(They shake hands. Leonard leaves. Then returns.)
Leonard: None at all?
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s flat. Sheldon, Raj and Howard are playing Jenga.
Howard: Sheldon, if you were a robot, and I knew and you didn’t, would you want me to tell you?
Sheldon: That depends. When I learn that I’m a robot, will I be able to handle it?

Howard: Maybe, although the history of science-fiction is not on your side.
Sheldon: Uh, let me ask you this. When I learn that I’m a robot, would I be bound by Asimov’s three
laws of robotics?
Raj: You might be bound by them right now.
Howard: That’s true. Have you ever harmed a human being, or through inaction allowed a human
being to come to harm?
Sheldon: Of course not.
Howard: Have you ever harmed yourself, or allowed yourself to be harmed except in cases where a
human being would have been endangered?
Sheldon: Well, no.
Howard: I smell robot.
Leonard (entering): Hey, what’s going on.
Sheldon: The internet’s been down for half an hour.
Raj: Also, Sheldon may be a robot.
Howard: So, how did it go with Lesley?
Leonard: Oh, we tried kissing, but the earth didn’t move. I mean any more than the 383 miles that it
was going to move anyway.
Sheldon: Oh, I’ve seen that look before. This is just going to be two weeks of moping and tedious
emo songs, and calling me to come down to pet stores to look at cats. I don’t know if I can take it.
Raj: You could power down.
Howard: Well, as usual, Wolowitz has the solution. I happen to know a place where there are plenty
of eligible women, and Leonard could have his pick.
Scene: A salsa class. The four guys and a random fat bloke salsa opposite five middle-aged women.
Class instructor: Remember the Latin hips. Shoulders stay still, and we sway. One two three. Five six
seven.
Howard (to Leonard): I think Mrs Tishman’s got her eye on you. I’ve been there, you’re in for a treat.
Scene: The flat, Leonard is entering, singing to himself a depressing emo song.
Sheldon: Oh, good lord.
Leonard (singing): You don’t know me, you don’t wear my chains… God, that’s a good song.
Sheldon: If you’re compiling a mix CD for a double suicide. (Leonard is taking supplies out of a bag)
Oh, I hope that scratching post is for you.
Leonard: I know what you’re thinking, I’ve taken your asthma into account. There’s a feline geneticist
in San Diego who has developed the cutest little hypo-allergenic calicos.
Sheldon: Leonard, listen to me…

Leonard: I’ve been thinking about names, I’m kind of torn between Einstein, Newton and Sergeant
Fuzzyboots.
Sheldon: Leonard, do you really think you can satisfy your need for a relationship with a genetically
altered cat?
Leonard: Maybe, if it’s a cute little cuddly cat.
Sheldon: Oh, come on, Leonard! This is obviously about Penny.
Leonard: It doesn’t matter. The woman’s not interested in me, the woman rejected me.
Sheldon: Okay, look, I think that you have as much of a chance of having a sexual relationship with
Penny as the Hubble Telescope does of discovering at the centre of every black hole is a little man
with a flashlight searching for a circuit breaker. Nevertheless, I do feel obligated to point out to you
that she did no reject you. You did not ask her out.
Leonard: You’re right. I didn’t ask her out, I should ask her out.
Sheldon: No. No, now that was not my point. My point was, don’t buy a cat.
Leonard: No, but you’re right. I should march over there and ask her out.
Sheldon: Oh, goody, we’re getting a cat.
Scene: The hallway. Leonard knocks on Penny’s door.
Penny (opening door): Ah, hey Leonard.
Leonard: Good afternoon Penny, so hi, hey. Uh… I was wondering if you had plans for dinner.
Penny: Uh, do you mean dinner tonight?
Leonard: There is an inherent ambiguity in the word dinner. Technically it refers to the largest meal of
the day whenever it is consumed, so, to clarify here, by dinner I mean supper.
Penny: Supper?
Leonard: Or dinner. I was thinking six thirty, if you can go, or a different time.
Penny: Uh, six thirty’s great.
Leonard: Really? Great!
Penny: Yeah, I like hanging out with you guys.
Leonard: Us guys?
Penny: You know, Sheldon, Howard, Raj, who all’s coming?
Leonard: They…. might all be there. Or a subset of them might be there, uh, algebraically speaking
there are too many unknowns, for example Sheldon had Quizznos for lunch, sometimes he finds that
filling, other times he doesn’t, it’s no fault of Quizznos, they have a varied menu.
Penny: Okay, whatever, it sounds like fun.
Leonard: Great. Did we say a time?
Penny: Six thirty.

Leonard: And that’s still good for you.
Penny: It’s fine.
Leonard: Cos it’s not carved in stone.
Penny: No, six thirty’s great.
Leonard: I’ll get my chisel.
Penny: Why?
Leonard: To… carve the… okay, I’ll see you six thirty.
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment. Leonard enters from bedrooms, dressed in a smart shirt
and trousers. They are covered in sweat stains.
Leonard: How do I look?
Sheldon: Could you be more specific?
Leonard: Can you tell I’m perspiring a little?
Sheldon: No. The dark crescent-shaped patterns under your arms conceal it nicely. What time is your
date?
Leonard: Six thirty.
Sheldon: Perfect, that gives you two hours and fifteen minutes for that dense molecular cloud of
Aramis to dissipate.
Leonard: Is it too much?
Sheldon: Not if you’re a rugby team.
Leonard: By the way, if it should ever come up, you didn’t join us because you stuffed yourself with a
chicken carbonara sub at Quizznos.
Sheldon: Why would I join you?
Leonard: No reason. Oh, you know what, maybe this isn’t such a good idea.
Sheldon: Oh, no, no, no, well now, there’s always the possibility that alcohol and poor judgement on
her part might lead to a nice romantic evening.
Leonard: You’re right, alcohol, poor judgement, it could go well.
Sheldon: Of course, there’s the other possibility that this date kicks off a rather unpleasant six months
of the two of you passing awkwardly in the hall until one of you breaks down and moves to another
zip code.
Leonard: You could have stopped at “it could go well.”
Sheldon: If I could of, I would of.
Leonard: I mean, I’m a perfectly nice guy. There’s no reason we couldn’t go to the restaurant and
have a lovely dinner. Maybe take a walk afterwards, talk about things we have in common, “you love
pottery? I love pottery!” You know, there’s a pause, we both know what’s happening, I lean in, we
kiss, it’s a little tentative at first but then I realise, she’s kissing me back, and she’s biting my lower lip,

you know, she wants me, this thing is going the distance, we’re going to have sex! Oh God! Oh, my
God!
Sheldon: Is the sex starting now?
Leonard: I’m having a panic attack.
Sheldon: Oh, okay, well then, calm down.
Leonard: If I could calm down I wouldn’t be having a panic attack, that’s why they call it a panic
attack.
Sheldon: Alright, alright, well, just, sit down, yes, sit down, now close your eyes.
Leonard: Why?
Sheldon: Just do it.
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: Now try to increase your alpha-wave activity.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: It’s a bio-feedback technique, it’s relaxation through brain-wave manipulation, I read a
paper about it in the Journal of American Neuroscience, it was a little sparsely sourced but I think the
basic science is valid, I probably have it here somewhere.
Leonard: Oh, who am I kidding, I can’t go through with this, you need to call her and cancel.
Sheldon: Me?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: What should I tell her.
Leonard: I don’t know. Tell her I’m sick.
Sheldon: Okay.
Leonard: Not the kind of illness that will make her want to come over and take care of me, but
nothing so critical that she’ll feel uncomfortable going out with me in the future if I want to try this
again.
Sheldon: Got it. So I’m assuming nothing venereal. I’ll just tell her that you had a routine
colonoscopy and haven’t quite bounced back.
Leonard: Give me the phone.
Sheldon: But I thought you wanted to cancel?
Leonard: I can’t because if I don’t show up she’ll still be expecting you.
Sheldon: Why would she be expecting me?
Leonard: Stop asking me all these questions, I need to take another shower.
Scene: A restaurant.

Penny: So are the rest of the guys meeting us here?
Leonard: Oh, yeah, no. Turns out that Raj and Howard had to work, and Sheldon had a colonoscopy
and he hasn’t quite bounced back yet.
Penny: Ooh, my uncle just had a colonoscopy.
Leonard: You’re kidding, well, then, that’s something we have in common.
Penny: How?
Leonard: We both have people in our lives who… want to nip intestinal polyps in the bud.
Penny: So, what’s new in the world of physics?
Leonard: Nothing.
Penny: Really, nothing?
Leonard: Well, with the exception of string theory, not much has happened since the 1930’s, and you
can’t prove string theory, at best you can say “hey, look, my idea has an internal logical consistency.”
Penny: Ah. Well I’m sure things will pick up.
Leonard: What’s new at the Cheesecake Factory?
Penny: Oh, uh, not much. We do have a chocolate key lime that’s moving pretty well.
Leonard: Good. Good. And what about your, uh, hallway friend.
Penny: Doug? Oh, yeah, I dunno, I mean, he’s nice and funny, but…
Waitress: Can I get you started with some drinks?
Leonard: No, (waves her away) You were saying, but…
Penny: I’d like a drink.
Leonard: Just say the but thing about Doug and then I’ll get her back.
Penny: Okay, well, you know, it’s just me. I’m still getting over this break-up with Kurt, and this
thing with Doug would be just rebound sex.
Leonard: Ugh, don’t get me started on rebound sex.
Penny: It’s just, it’s my pattern. I break up, then I find some cute guy, and then it’s just thirty six
meaningless of… well, you know.
Leonard: I’m not sure that I do. Um, is that one thirty-six hour experience, or is it thirty six hours
spread out over say, one… glorious summer.
Penny: No, it’s usually over a weekend, and trust me, you do not feel good after it.
Leonard: Well, chafing, right?
Penny: Emotionally.
Leonard: Of course, yeah, emotional chafing. Hey, do you want to see something cool? (Penny nods.)
I can make this olive go into this glass without touching it.

Penny: How?
Leonard: Physics. (He places the glass over the olive and spins it until the olive gets caught up on the
side).
Penny: Wow, centrifugal force!
Leonard: Actually, it’s centripetal force, which is an inward force generated by the glass acting on the
olive. (The olive drops.) Excuse me. (Leonard disappears under table.)Now, if you were riding on the
olive, you’d be in a non-inertial reference frame, and would (he bangs his head on the underside of
the table.)
Penny: Are you okay?
Leonard: Yeah, I’m okay. Did you spill ketchup?
Penny: No.
Leonard: I’m not okay.
Scene: The stairwell of the apartment building.
Penny: Are you sure you don’t want to go to the emergency room?
Leonard: No, no, I’m okay, it’s stopped bleeding.
Penny: I know, but you did throw up. Isn’t that a sign of a concussion?
Leonard: Yes, but I get car sick too, so…
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Sorry about your car, by the way.
Penny: Oh, no, it’s fine, you got most of it out the window.
Leonard: The poor guy on the bike. I had a nice time.
Penny: Yeah, me too. Um, good night. (Leonard turns across hallway.) Leonard?
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Was this supposed to be a date?
Leonard: This? No. No, of course not, this was just you and me hanging out with a bunch of guys who
didn’t show up, because of work and a colonoscopy.
Penny: Okay, I was just checking.
Leonard: When I take a girl out on a date, and I do, she knows she’s been dated. Capital D. Bold face,
underline, like Day-ted. I think I might have a little concussion, I’m going to go lay down for a while,
good night.
Scene: The apartment, Leonard enters.
Sheldon: So, how was your date?
Leonard: Awesome!

Sheldon: Score one for liquor and poor judgement.
Teleplay: Bill Prady & Steven Molaro
Story: Chuck Lorre

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 04
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment.
Sheldon: I’ve been thinking about time travel again.
Leonard: Why, did you hit a roadblock with invisibility?
Sheldon: Put it on the back burner. Anyway, it occurs to me, if I ever did perfect a time machine, I’d
just go into the past and give it to myself, thus eliminating the need for me to invent it in the first
place.
Leonard: Interesting.
Sheldon: Yeah, it really takes the pressure off.
Leonard: Sounds like a breakthrough, should I call the science magazines and tell them to hold the
front cover? (Exiting the apartment.)
Sheldon: It’s time travel, Leonard, I will have already done that.
Leonard: Then I guess congratulations are in order.
Sheldon: No, congratulations will have been in order. You know, I’m not going to enjoy this party.
Leonard: I know, I’m familiar with you.
Sheldon: At the last department party, Dr Finkleday cornered me and talked about spelunking for 45
minutes.
Leonard: Yes, I was there.
Sheldon: You know what’s interesting about caves, Leonard?
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Nothing.
Leonard: Well then we’ll avoid Finkleday, we’ll meet the new department head, congratulate him,
shake his hand and go.
Sheldon: How’s this? Pleased to meet you, Dr Gablehouser. How fortunate for you that the University
has chosen to hire you, despite the fact that you’ve done no original research in 25 years, and instead
have written a series of popular books that reduce the great concepts of science to a series of
anecdotes, each one dumbed down to accommodate the duration of an average bowel movement.
Mahalo.
Leonard: Mahalo’s a nice touch.
Sheldon: Do you know there are only eight consonants in the Hawaiian language.
Leonard: Interesting, you should lead with that.
Scene: The department party. Sheldon, Raj and Leonard are at the buffet table.
Raj: Oh, God, Look at this buffet. I love America.

Leonard: You don’t have buffets in India?
Raj: Of course, but it’s all Indian food. You can’t find a bagel in Mumbai to save your life. Schmear
me.
Sheldon: Well here’s an interesting turn of events.
Leonard: What. (Sees Howard entering with a statuesque blonde) Howard brought a date?
Sheldon: A more plausible explanation is that his work in robotics has made an amazing leap forward.
Howard: Hey, what up, science bitches? May I introduce my special lady friend, Summer. (Puts arm
around her.)
Summer: I already told you, touching’s extra.
Howard: Right. Sorry.
Leonard (to Sheldon): Here comes our new boss, be polite.
Gablehouser: Hi fellas, Eric Gablehouser.
Howard: Howard Wolowitz.
Gablehouser: Howard, nice to meet you, and you are?
Sheldon: An actual real scientist. (To Leonard) How was that?
Scene: The stairwell of the apartment building. Sheldon is carrying a box of his things.
Sheldon: I can’t believe he fired me.
Leonard: Well, you did call him a glorified high-school science teacher whose last successful
experiment was lighting his own farts.
Sheldon: In my defence, I prefaced that by saying “with all due respect.”
Credit sequence.
Scene: The apartment, Sheldon is in the kitchen cooking, Leonard enters.
Leonard: Morning
Sheldon: Morning.
Leonard: You’re making eggs for breakfast?
Sheldon: This isn’t breakfast, it’s an experiment.
Leonard: Huh? Cos it looks a lot like breakfast.
Sheldon: I finally have the time to test my hypothesis, about the separation of the water molecules
from the egg proteins, and its impact vis-a-vis taste.
Leonard: Sounds yummy. I look forward to your work with bacon.
Sheldon: As do I.
Leonard: You know, I’m sure if you just apologised to Gablehauser he would give you your job back.

Sheldon: I don’t want my job back. I’ve spent the last three and a half years staring at greaseboards
full of equations. Before that I spent four years working on my thesis. Before that I was in college,
and before that, I was in the fifth grade. This is my first day off in decades, and I’m going to savour it.
Leonard: Okay. I’ll let you get back to fixing your eggs.
Sheldon: I’m not just fixing my eggs, I’m fixing everyone’s eggs.
Leonard: And we all thank you.
(Sheldon takes his eggs and sits down. Takes a photograph of them. Writes in his notebook, then takes
a forkful. Writes in notebook again.)
Sheldon: Use new eggs. (There is a knock on the door).
Penny (popping her head round): Hi, hey. I’m running out to the market, do you guys need anything?
Sheldon: Oh, well this would be one of those circumstances that people unfamiliar with the law of
large numbers would call a coincidence.
Penny: I’m sorry?
Sheldon: I need eggs. Four dozen should suffice.
Penny: Four dozen?
Sheldon: Yes, and evenly distributed amongst brown, white, free range, large, extra-large and jumbo.
Penny: Okay, one more time?
Sheldon: Never mind, you won’t get it right, I’d better come with you.
Penny: Oh, yay!
Scene: Penny’s car
Penny: How come you didn’t go into work today.
Sheldon: I’m taking a sabbatical, because I won’t kow-tow to mediocre minds.
Penny: So you got canned, huh?
Sheldon: Theoretical physicists do not get canned. But yeah.
Penny: Well, maybe it’s all for the best, you know I always say, when one door closes, another one
opens.
Sheldon: No it doesn’t. Not unless the two doors are connected by relays, or there are motion sensors
involved.
Penny: No, no, I meant…
Sheldon: Or the first door closing causes a change of air pressure that acts upon the second door.
Penny: Never mind.
Sheldon: Slow down. Slow down, please slow down.
Penny: We’re fine.

Sheldon: Look, you’re not leaving yourself enough space between cars.
Penny: Oh, sure I am.
Sheldon: No, no. Let me do the math for you, this car weighs let’s say 4,000lb, now add say 140 for
me, 120 for you.
Penny: 120?
Sheldon: Oh, I’m sorry, did I insult you? Is your body mass somehow tied into your self worth?
Penny: Well, yeah.
Sheldon: Interesting. Anyway, that gives us a total weight of, let’s say, 4,400lb.
Penny: Let’s say 4,390.
Sheldon: Fine. We’re travelling forward at, good Lord, 51 miles an hour. Now let’s assume that your
brakes are new and the callipers are aligned, still, by the time we come to a stop, we’ll be occupying
the same space as that Buick in front of us, an impossibility that nature will quickly resolve into death,
mutilation and… oh look, they built a new put-put course.
Scene: The supermarket.
Sheldon: This is great. Look at me, out in the real world of ordinary people, just living their ordinary,
colourless, workaday lives.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: No, thank you. And thank you, ordinary person. Hey, you want to hear an interesting thing
about tomatoes.
Penny: Uh, no, no not really. Listen, didn’t you say you needed some eggs.
Sheldon: Uh, yes, but anyone who knows anything about the dynamics of bacterial growth knows to
pick up their refrigerated foods on the way out of the supermarket.
Penny: Oh, okay, well maybe you should start heading on out then.
Sheldon: No, this is fun. Oh, the thing about tomatoes, and I think you’ll really enjoy this, is, they’re
shelved with the vegetables, but they’re technically a fruit.
Penny: Interesting.
Sheldon: Isn’t it?
Penny: No, I mean what you find enjoyable.
Sheldon (as Penny selects vitamin supplements): Oh boy.
Penny: What now?
Sheldon: Well, there’s some value to taking a multivitamin, but the human body can only absorb so
much, what you’re buying here are the ingredients for very expensive urine.
Penny: Well, maybe that’s what I was going for.
Sheldon: Well then you’ll want some manganese.

Scene: On the stairwell of the apartment building.
Sheldon: That was fun. Maybe tomorrow we can go to one of those big warehouse stores.
Penny: Oh, I don’t know Sheldon, it’s going to take me a while to recover from all the fun I had today.
Sheldon: Are you sure. There are a lot of advantages to buying in bulk. For example, I noticed that
you purchase your tampons one month’s supply at a time.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Well think about it, it’s a product that doesn’t spoil, and you’re going to be needing them for
at least the next thirty years.
Penny: You want me to buy thirty years worth of tampons?
Sheldon: Well, thirty, thirty five, hey, when did your mother go into menopause?
Penny: Okay, I’m not talking about this with you.
Sheldon: Oh, Penny, this is a natural human process, and we’re talking about statistically significant
savings. Now, if you assume 15 tampons per cycle and a 28 day cycle, are you fairly regular? (Penny
shuts door in his face.) Okay, no warehouse store, but we’re still on for put-put golf, right?
Scene: The apartment, Sheldon has several bowls containing goldfish.
Leonard (entering): Hey, I just ran into Penny, she seemed upset about something.
Sheldon: I think it’s her time of the month. I marked the calendar for future reference.
Leonard: What’s with the fish?
Sheldon: It’s an experiment.
Leonard: What happened to your scrambled egg research?
Sheldon: Oh, that was a dead end. Scrambled eggs are as good as they’re ever going to be.
Leonard: So… fish.
Sheldon: I read an article about Japanese scientists, who inserted DNA from luminous jellyfish into
other animals, and I thought hey, fish nightlights.
Leonard: Fish nightlights.
Sheldon: It’s a billion dollar idea. Shhhhh!
Leonard: Mum’s the word. Sheldon, are you sure you don’t want to just apologise to Gablehauser and
get your job back.
Sheldon: Oh, no, no, no. No, I’ve too much to do.
Leonard: Like luminous fish.
Sheldon: Shhhhh!
Leonard: Right… I didn’t….

Sheldon: That’s just the beginning. I also have an idea for a bulk mail-order feminine hygiene
company. Oh, glow in the dark tampons! Leonard, we’re going to be rich.
Scene: The stairwell of the apartment building.
Leonard: Thank you for coming on such short notice.
Mrs Cooper: You did the right thing calling.
Leonard: I didn’t know what else to do, he’s lost all focus, every day he’s got a new obsession. (They
enter the apartment. Sheldon is weaving on a loom. He is wrapped in a poncho.) This is a particularly
disturbing one.
Sheldon (looking round): Mommy.
Mrs Cooper: Hi baby.
Sheldon (mouths): You called my mother?
Mrs Cooper: Oh, you got yourself a loom, how nice.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Mrs Cooper: Honey, why did you get a loom?
Sheldon: I was working with luminous fish, and I thought, hey, loom! Mom, what are you doing here?
Mrs Cooper: Leonard called me.
Sheldon: I know, but why?
Leonard: Because one of the great minds of the twenty-first century is raising glow-in-the-dark fish
and weaving sarapes.
Sheldon: This is not a sarape. This is a poncho. A sarape is open at the sides, a poncho is closed, this
is a poncho, and neither is a reason to call someone’s mother.
Leonard: Really, when was the last time you left the house.
Sheldon: I went to the market with Penny.
Leonard: That was three weeks ago.
Sheldon: Well then buckle up, in the next four to eight days she’s going to get very crabby.
Mrs Cooper: Sweetheart, your little friend is concerned about you.
Sheldon: Yes, well I’m not a child, I’m a grown man capable of living my life as I see fit. And I
certainly don’t need someone telling on me to my mother.
Leonard: Where are you going?
Sheldon: To my room, and no-one’s allowed in.
Mrs Cooper: He gets his temper from his daddy.
Leonard: Oh.
Mrs Cooper: He’s got my eyes.

Leonard: I see.
Mrs Cooper: All that science stuff, that comes from Jesus.
Scene: Everyone but Sheldon is in the kitchen of the apartment.
Leonard: Sheldon? Your mum made dinner.
Sheldon (off): I’m not hungry.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, Leonard, don’t trouble yourself, he’s stubborn. He may stay in there ‘til the Rapture.
Penny: Are we so sure that’s a bad thing?
Mrs Cooper: I’ll tell ya, I love the boy to death, but he has been difficult since he fell out of me at the
K-Mart.
Howard: Excuse me for being so bold, but I now see where Sheldon gets his smouldering good looks.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, honey that ain’t going to work, but you keep trying. (To Raj) I made chicken, I hope
that isn’t one of the animals that you people think is magic? You know, we have an Indian gentleman
at our church, a Dr Patel, it’s a beautiful story, the lord spoke to him, and moved him to give us all 20%
off on lasic, you know, those that needed it.
Leonard: That is a lovely story, um, are we going to do anything about Sheldon?
Mrs Cooper: Oh, we will, you have to take your time with Sheldon. His father, God rest his soul, used
to say to me, Mary, you have to take your time with Sheldon.
Leonard: Sounds like a wise man.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, not so wise, he was trying to fight a bobcat for some licquorish. So, everybody grab
a plate, and a pretty place mat that Shelly wove.
Penny: Has Shelly ever freaked out like this before.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, all the time, I remember one summer when he was thirteen, he built a small nuclear
reactor in the shed and told everybody he was going to provide free electricity for the whole town,
well the only problem was he had no, whatchacall, fissionable materials. Anyway, when he went on
the internets to get some, a man from the government came by and sat him down real gentle and told
him it’s against the law to have yellow cake uranium in a shed.
Penny: What happened?
Mrs Cooper: Well, the poor boy had a fit, locked himself in his room and built a sonic death ray.
Leonard: A death ray?
Mrs Cooper: Well, that’s what he called it, didn’t even slow down the neighbour kids. It pissed our
dog off to no end. You know, you two make a cute couple.
Both Leonard and Penny laugh, a little too forced.
Leonard: No, we’re not, we’re not, not a couple, two singles, like those individually wrapped slices of
cheese that…. are friends.
Mrs Cooper: Did I pluck a nerve there?

Howard: Oh yeah.
Mrs Cooper: Okay. Alright everybody, it’s time to eat. (Everybody begins to do so) Oh Lord, we
thank you for this meal, all your bounty, and we pray that you help Sheldon get back on his rocker.
(To Raj and Howard) Now after a moment of silent meditation I’m going to end with “In Jesus’ Name”
but you two don’t feel any obligation to join in. Unless, of course, the holy spirit moves you.
Time shift
Penny: Oh my God, this is the best cobbler I’ve ever had.
Mrs Cooper: It was always Sheldon’ s favourite. You know what the secret ingredient is?
Penny: Love?
Mrs Cooper: Lard.
Sheldon emerges from the bedroom area.
Howard: Hey, look who’s come out….
Mrs Cooper: Shhh! You’ll spook him. He’s like a baby deer, you gotta let him come to you.
Sheldon crosses to the cobbler, takes some and puts it on a plate. Looks round at the group in the
matter of a frightened animal. Everyone but Leonard looks down at their meal.
Leonard: This is ridiculous. Dammit, Sheldon, snap out of it. You’re a physicist, you belong at the
University doing research, not hiding in your room. (Sheldon scuttles away)
Mrs Cooper: You don’t hunt, do you?
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. He is building a model of some kind of double helix. There is a knock on
the door.
Mrs Cooper (entering): Good morning, snicker-doodle.
Sheldon: Morning.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, well that looks awful fancy, what is that?
Sheldon: It’s my idea of what DNA would look like in a silicon based life form.
Mrs Cooper: But intelligently designed by a creator, right?
Sheldon: What do you want, mom?
Mrs Cooper: You know how your daddy used to say that you can only fish for so long before you got
to throw a stick of dynamite in the water?
Sheldon: Yeah.
Mrs Cooper: Well, I’m done fishing. (Throwing a pair of trousers on the bed) You put those on.
Sheldon: What for?
Mrs Cooper: Because you’re going to go down to your office, you’re going to apologise to your boss,
and get your job back.
Sheldon: No.

Mrs Cooper: I’m sorry, did I start that sentence with the words “if it please your highness?”
Sheldon: I’m not going to apologise, I didn’t say anything that wasn’t true.
Mrs Cooper: Now you listen here, I have been telling you since you were four years old, it’s okay to
be smarter than everybody but you can’t go around pointing it out.
Sheldon: Why not?
Mrs Cooper: Because people don’t like it. Remember all the ass-kickings you got from the neighbour
kids? Now let’s get cracking. Shower, shirt, shoes, and let’s shove off. (Exits)
Sheldon: Wouldn’t have been any ass-kickings if that stupid death ray had worked.
Scene: The kitchen
Mrs Cooper: Problem solved.
Leonard: Really? That’s impressive.
Mrs Cooper: Leonard, the Lord never gives us more than we can handle. Thankfully he blessed me
with two other children who are dumb as soup.
Scene: Dr Gablehouser’s office
Mrs Cooper: Excuse me, Dr Gablehouser, are you busy?
Gablehouser: Well, actually….
Mrs Cooper: Sheldon, he’s just doodling, get in here.
Sheldon: Dr Gablehouser.
Gablehouser: Dr Cooper.
Mrs Cooper: Let’s go, baby, we’re losing daylight.
Sheldon: Um, as you know, several weeks ago in our first encounter we may have gotten off on the
wrong foot, when I called you an idiot. And I just wanted to say that I was wrong. To point it out.
Gablehouser (to Mrs Cooper): I’m sorry, we haven’t been introduced. Dr Eric Gablehouser.
Mrs Cooper: Mary Cooper, Sheldon’s mom.
Gablehouser: Now that’s impossible, you must have had him when you were a teenager.
Mrs Cooper: Oh, aren’t you sweet, his father’s dead.
Gablehouser: Recently?
Mrs Cooper: Long enough.
Gablehouser (indicating chair): Please. Sheldon, shouldn’t you be working?
Sheldon (leaving): Okay.
Leonard: Hey, how did it go?
Sheldon: I got my job back.

Leonard: Really? What happened?
Sheldon: I’m not quite sure. It involves a part of the human experience that has always eluded me.
Leonard: That narrows it down.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. Mrs Cooper is tucking him in.
Mrs Cooper: I’m very proud of you honey, you showed a lot of courage today.
Sheldon: Thanks, mom. Mom?
Mrs Cooper: Mmm-hmm?
Sheldon: Is Dr Gablehouser going to be my new daddy?
Mrs Cooper: We’ll see. Sleep tight.
Sheldon turns over to sleep in the glow of a luminous goldfish.
Teleplay: David Litt & Lee Aronsohn
Story: Chuck Lorre & Bill Prady

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 05
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Sheldon: Alright, I’m moving my infantry division, augmented by a battalion of Orcs from Lord of
the Rings, we flank the Tennessee Volunteers, and the North once again wins the Battle of Gettysburg.
Howard: Not so fast, remember the South still has two infantry divisions, plus Superman and Godzilla.
Leonard: No, no, no, no, Orcs are magic, Superman is vulnerable to magic, not to mention, you
already lost Godzilla to the Illinois Cavalry and Hulk.
Raj: Why don’t you just have Robert E. Lee charge the line with Shiva and Ganesh.
Penny: Hi, you guys ready to order?
Howard: Hang on, honey. Shiva and Ganesh? The Hindu Gods against the entire Union army?
Leonard: And Orcs!
Penny: I’ll be back.
Raj: Excuse me, Ganesh is the remover of obstacles, and Shiva is the destroyer. When the smoke
clears, Abraham Lincoln will be speaking Hindi and drinking mint juleps.
Penny: Alright, my boss says you either have to order, or leave and never come back.
Howard: What do you recommend for someone who worked up a man-sized appetite from a morning
of weight training and cardio-funk?
Penny: A shower.
Howard: I’ll take the heart smart platter.
Penny: Alright, thank you, and Sheldon.
Sheldon: We don’t eat here, I don’t know what’s good.
Penny: Well, it’s all good.
Sheldon: Statistically unlikely.
Leonard: Just get a hamburger, you like hamburgers.
Sheldon: I like the hamburgers where we usually have hamburgers, you can’t make the assumption
that I’ll like the hamburgers here.
Leonard: I’m sorry. Give him a hamburger.
Penny: Uh, which one, the Classic Burger, the Ranch House Burger, the Barbecue Burger or the Kobe
burger?
Sheldon: Can’t we just go to Big Boy? They only have one burger. The Big Boy.
Penny: The Barbecue Burger is like the Big Boy.

Sheldon: Excuse me, in a world that already includes the Big Boy, why would I settle for something
like a Big Boy?
Penny: Because you are not at Big Boy!
Sheldon: Fine, I’ll have the Barbecue Burger.
Leonard: Make it two.
Sheldon: Waitresses don’t yell at you at Big Boy.
Lesley (entering): Hey Leonard, hi guys.
Leonard: Hey Lesley.
Lesley: I didn’t know you ate here.
Sheldon: We don’t. This is a disturbing aberration.
Leonard: Lesley, this is Penny, she lives across the hall from Sheldon and me.
Howard: And walks in quiet beauty like the night.
Penny: Howard, I’ve asked you not to do that.
Leonard: Lesley and I do research together at the University.
Penny: Oh, wow, a girl scientist.
Lesley: Yep, come for the breasts, stay for the brains. So, I’m glad I ran into you, the physics
department string quartet needs a new cellist.
Leonard: What happened to Elliot Wong?
Lesley: He switched over to high energy radiation research, had a little mishap, and now the other
guys are uncomfortable sitting next to him. So, are you in?
Leonard: Yeah, sure, why not.
Lesley: Great, we rehearse on Tuesdays at your place.
Leonard: Why at my place?
Lesley: Yeah, the department of energy said our regular space is kind of a hot zone. Nice meeting you.
Penny: Yeah, you too. Leonard, I didn’t know you played the cello?
Leonard: Yeah, my parents felt that naming me Leonard and putting me in advanced placement
classes wasn’t getting me beaten up enough.
Howard: If you’re into music, I happen to be a human beatbox.
Penny: Really? (Howard performs some of the worst beatboxing imaginable.) I’m actually not that
into music. So hey, your friend’s really cute, anything going on with you two.
Leonard: Lesley? No, no-oh, what are you kidding?
Sheldon: He asked her out once, it was an embarrassing failure.

Leonard: Thank you Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m sorry, was that supposed to be a secret?
Penny: Oh, that’s too bad, you guys would make a cute couple.
Raj: Oh dear.
Howard: What’s the matter?
Raj: She didn’t take my order.
Howard: How can she take your order when you’re too neurotic to talk to her.
Raj: Nevertheless, this will be reflected in her tip.
Scene: The stairwell of the apartment building.
Leonard: What did Penny mean, you’d make a cute couple?
Sheldon: Well I assume she meant that the two of you together would constitute a couple that others
might consider cute. An alternate, and somewhat less likely interpretation, is that you could
manufacture one. As in, oh look, Leonard and Lesley made Mr and Mrs Goldfarb, aren’t they
adorable.
Leonard: If Penny didn’t know that Lesley had already turned me down then that would
unambiguously mean that she, Penny, thought that I should her, Lesley, out, indicating that she, Penny,
had no interest in me asking her, Penny, out. But because she did know that I had asked Lesley out
and that she, Lesley, had turned me down then she, Penny, could be offering consolation. That’s too
bad, you would have made a cute couple. But while thinking, good, Leonard remains available.
Sheldon: You’re a lucky man, Leonard.
Leonard: How so?
Sheldon: You’re talking to one of the three men in the Western hemisphere capable of following that
train of thought.
Leonard: Well, what do you think.
Sheldon: I said I could follow it, I didn’t say I cared.
Credit sequence.
Scene: The apartment living room. The string quartet are practising.
Lesley: I admire your fingering.
Leonard: Thank you.
Lesley: Maybe some time you can try that on my instrument.
Time jump
Lesley: Goodnight guys, good job.
Male string quartettist: Thanks.
Female string quartettist: See you next week.

Leonard: That was fun, Lesley, thanks for including me.
Lesley: You’re welcome. If you’re up for it we could practise that middle section again.
Leonard: Uh, sure, why not.
Lesley: Just so we’re clear, you understand that me hanging back to practise with you is a pretext for
letting you know that I’m sexually available.
Leonard: Really?
Lesley: Yeah, I’m good to go.
Leonard: I thought you weren’t interested in me.
Lesley: That was before I saw you handling that beautiful piece of wood between your legs.
Leonard: You mean my cello?
Lesley: No, I mean the obvious crude double entendre. I’m seducing you.
Leonard: No kidding?
Lesley: What can I say, I’m a passionate and impulsive woman. So how about it?
Leonard: Gee, uh…
Lesley: Is it the waitress?
Leonard: Penny? What about her?
Lesley: Well, I thought I saw your pupils dilate when you looked at her, which, unless you’re a heroin
addict, points to sexual attraction.
Leonard: Well, I did have a poppy seed bagel for breakfast, which could give a positive urine test for
opiates but certainly not dilate my pupils, so I guess there’s no point in bringing it up.
Lesley: You and the waitress then?
Leonard: No. No, there’s nothing going on between Penny and me.
Lesley: So, you’re open to a sexual relationship?
Leonard: Yeah. Yeah, I guess I am.
Lesley: Good.
Leonard: Yeah, yeah it is good. Did you want to start now?
Lesley: Why don’t we finish the section first.
Leonard: Oh. Okay. A little musical foreplay. Terrific.
(They play, gradually going faster and faster.)
Leonard: I’m good, I’m good to go.
Lesley: Me too. (Exit in direction of bedrooms.)

Scene: The hallway, Sheldon scuttles out of apartment door and crosses to Penny’s. Knocks on it
urgently.
Penny (opening door): Oh, hey Sheldon, what’s going on?
Sheldon: I need your opinion on a matter of semiotics.
Penny: I’m sorry?
Sheldon: Semiotics. The study of signs and symbols, it’s a branch of philosophy related to linguistics.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, I know you think you’re explaining yourself, but you’re really not.
Sheldon: Just come with me.
Jump to the pair of them standing outside Leonard’s bedroom door. Bryan Adams “Have You Ever
Loved A Woman” is emerging. There is a tie on the bedroom door.
Sheldon: Well?
Penny: Well what?
Sheldon: What does it mean?
Penny: Oh, come on, you went to college.
Sheldon: Yes, but I was eleven.
Penny: Alright, look, a tie on the doorknob usually means someone doesn’t want to be disturbed
because they’re, you know, getting busy.
Sheldon: So you’re saying Leonard has a girl in there.
Penny: Well, either that or he’s lost his tie rack and gotten really into Bryan Adams.
Lesley (voice off): Oh Leonard, you magnificent beast.
Penny: We really shouldn’t be standing here.
Sheldon (entering living room): This is very awkward.
Penny: Oh, come on, you know, Leonard’s had girls over before, right?
Sheldon: Oh, yes, but there’s usually planning, courtship and advance notice. Last time I was able to
book a cruise to the Arctic to see a solar eclipse.
Penny: Wait, you had to leave the state because your roommate was having sex?
Sheldon: I didn’t have to, the dates just happened to coincide.
Penny: So, do you know who’s in there?
Sheldon: Well, there’s Leonard. (Picking up violin case) And he’s either with Lesley Winkle or a
1930’s gangster.
Penny: Hmmm. Good for him. Good for Leonard. Okay, night.
Sheldon: No, no, wait, hold on.

Penny: What’s the matter?
Sheldon: I don’t know what the protocol is here. Do I stay, do I leave? Do I wait to greet them with a
refreshing beverage?
Penny: Gee, Sheldon, you’re asking the wrong girl. I’m usually on the other side of the tie.
(Sheldon looks lost for a moment. The pulls out his mobile phone and dials.)
Sheldon: Hi, Leonard. It’s me, Sheldon. In the living room. I just, I wanted you to know I saw the tie.
Message received. You’re welcome. You carry on. Give my best to Lesley.
Scene: In Leonard’s Bedroom. Leonard wakes up next to Lesley, puts on glasses and grins.
Scene: Living room, Sheldon is sleeping on the sofa, with his head on Lesley’s Violin case.
Sheldon: Big boy! (Wakes up, looks at watch, wraps self in blanket, walks towards kitchen) Someone
touched my board. Oh God, my board. Leonard! Leonard!
Leonard (entering): Hey, what’s the matter?
Sheldon: My equations, someone’s tampered with my equations.
Leonard: Are you sure?
Sheldon: Of course I’m sure. Look at the beta-function of quantum chrono-dynamics, the sign’s been
changed.
Leonard: Oh yeah. But doesn’t that fix the problem you’ve been having?
Sheldon: Are you insane? Are you out of your mind? Are you…. hey look, that fixes the problem I’ve
been having.
Lesley (entering): You’re welcome.
Sheldon: You did this?
Lesley: Yeah, I noticed it when I got up to get a glass of water, so I fixed it, now you can show that
quarks are asymptotically free at high energies. Pretty cool, huh?
Sheldon: Cool?
Lesley: Listen, I got to hit the lab. Thanks for a great night.
Leonard: Thank you, I’ll see you at work.
Sheldon: Uh-duh, hold on, hold on!
Lesley: What?
Sheldon: Who told you you could touch my board?
Lesley: No-one.
Sheldon: I don’t come into your house and touch your board.
Lesley: There are no incorrect equations on my board.
Sheldon: Oh, that is so… so…

Lesley: I’m sorry, I’ve got to run, if you come up with an adjective, text me. (Leaves).
Sheldon: Inconsiderate, that is the adjective, inconsiderate.
Scene: The hallway.
Leonard (exiting the apartment): You can stare at your board all day Sheldon, she’s still going to be
right.
Sheldon (inside): I’m not staring, I’m mulling.
Penny: Oh, hey Leonard.
Leonard: Oh, hi.
Penny: So, how’s it going?
Leonard: Pretty good.
Penny: Just pretty good, I’d think you were doing very good.
Leonard: Pretty, very, there’s really no objective scale for delineating variations of good, why do you
ask?
Penny: Well, a little bird told me that you and Lesley hooked up last night.
Leonard: Sheldon!
Sheldon: I’m coming.
Penny: So, is it serious, do you like her?
Leonard: Wuh, I don’t…. th-th-th-that’s really two different questions, uh, I’m not…. Sheldon, we
have to go!
Sheldon: Boy, you’re wound awfully tight for a man who just had sexual intercourse.
Penny: Alright, well, I’ll talk to you later, but, I am so happy for you Leonard.
Leonard: Thank you. What did she mean, she’s happy for me? Is she happy because I’m seeing
someone, or is she happy because she thinks that I’m happy, because anyone who cared for someone
would want them to be happy, even if the reason for their happiness made the first person unhappy.
You know, because the second person, though happy, is now romantically unavailable to the first
person.
Sheldon: Do you realise I may have to share a Nobel Prize with your booty call?
Leonard: You know what, I’m being ridiculous. But who cares what Penny thinks, Lesley is a terrific
girl, she’s attractive, we like each other, she’s extremely intelligent.
Sheldon: She’s not that intelligent.
Leonard: She fixed your equation.
Sheldon: She got lucky.
Leonard: You don’t believe in luck.
Sheldon: I don’t have to believe in it for her to be lucky.

Leonard: Regardless, I have a chance at a real relationship with Lesley, I’m not going to pass that up
for some hypothetical future happiness with a woman who may or may not want me to be happy with
a woman who is currently making me happy.
Sheldon: Leonard?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: I still don’t care.
Scene: Leonard and Lesley’s lab.
Leonard: Hey, Lesley.
Lesley: Careful Leonard, liquid nitrogen, 320 degrees below zero.
Leonard: Brrrr. Why are you smashing a flash frozen banana.
Lesley: Because I’ve got a bowl of Cheerios and I couldn’t find a knife.
Leonard: So anyway (puts arms around her) Hello.
Lesley: Uh, what are you doing?
Leonard: Just extending the intimacy. Do you want to slip over to the radiation lab and share a
decontamination shower?
Lesley: Okay, uh, what exactly do you think’s going on between us?
Leonard: I’m not sure, but I think I’m about to discover how the banana felt.
Lesley: Listen, Leonard, neither of us are neuroscientists but we both understand the biochemistry of
sex, I mean, dopamine in our brains is released across synapses causing pleasure. You stick electrodes
in a rat’s brain, give him an orgasm button, he’ll push that thing until he starves to death.
Leonard: Who wouldn’t?
Lesley: Well, the only difference between us and a rat is that you can’t stick an electrode in our
hypothalamus. That’s where you come in.
Leonard: Yeah, well, I’m just glad to be a part of it. So what happens now?
Lesley: Well, I don’t know about your sex drive, but I’m probably good till New Years.
Leonard: Oh. Okay. Thank you.
Lesley: Thank you!
Leonard: You want to make plans for New Years.
Lesley: Woah, Leonard, please, you’re smothering me.
Leonard (leaving): Sorry.
Howard: Hey, look, it’s Doctor Stud!
Leonard: Doctor what?

Howard: The blogosphere is a-buzzing with news of you and Lesley Winkle making eine kleine bangbang music.
Leonard: Wha… how did it get on the internet?
Howard: I put it there.
Leonard: Well, how did you know about it?
Raj: A little bird told us. Apparently you are a magnificent beast.
Leonard: Well, that part’s true!
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Sheldon: You know, I think I may have misjudged this restaurant.
Leonard: No kidding.
Sheldon: I won’t go out on a limb, but I think we may be looking at my new Tuesday hamburger.
Leonard: Your old Tuesday hamburger will be so broken hearted.
Sheldon: Way ahead of you. I was thinking of moving Big Boy to Thursdays, and just dropping Soup
Plantation.
Leonard: Really?
Sheldon: Yeah, the name always confused me anyway, Soup Plantation. You can’t grow soup.
Penny: So, how’s everything.
Sheldon: Terrific, you’ll be happy to know that I plan to come here every Tuesday night for the
foreseeable future.
Penny: Really, oh yay!
Sheldon: Who do I speak to about permanently reserving this table?
Penny: Um, I don’t know, a psychiatrist? So hey, how are things with you and Lesley?
Leonard: Oh, to be honest, I don’t think it’s going to work out.
Penny: Oh, oh that’s too bad. Well hey, don’t worry, I’m sure there is someone out there who is just
right for you. (Walks away smiling).
Leonard: Well what did she mean by that? Was that just a generic platitude or was that a subtle bid for
attention?
Sheldon: You know why this hamburger surpasses the Big Boy? This is a single decker hamburger
whereas the Big Boy is a double decker. This has a much more satisfying meat to bun to condiment
ratio.
Leonard: Are you even listening to me?
Sheldon: Of course I’m listening. Blah blah, hopeless Penny delusion, blah blah blah.
Leonard: Okay then. You know, you can grow the ingredients for soup. (Sheldon nods).

Bigbang theory Season1 Episode 06
Scene: Lobby of the apartment building, Howard, Raj, Sheldon and Leonard enter in combat gear,
covered in blue paint.
Raj: Okay, if no-one else will say it, I will. We really suck at paintball.
Howard: That was absolutely humiliating.
Leonard: Oh, come on, some battles you win, some battles you lose.
Howard: Yes, but you don’t have to lose to Kyle Bernstein’s Bar-Mitzvah party.
Leonard: I think we have to acknowledge, those were some fairly savage pre-adolescent Jews.
Sheldon: You know, we were annihilated by our own incompetence and the inability of some people
to follow the chain of command.
Leonard: Sheldon, let it go.
Sheldon: No, I want to talk about the fact that Wolowitz shot me in the back.
Howard: I shot you for good reason, you were leading us into disaster.
Sheldon: I was giving clear, concise orders.
Leonard: You hid behind a tree yelling “get the kid in the yarmulkah, get the kid in the yarmulkah.”
Penny (arriving): Oh, hey guys.
Leonard: Hello Penny.
Howard: Morning ma’am.
Penny: So, how was paintball, did you have fun?
Sheldon: Sure, if you consider being fragged by your own troops fun. (To Howard) You clear space
on your calendar, there will be an enquiry.
Penny: Okay, um, oh hey, I’m having a party on Saturday so if you guys are around you should come
by.
Leonard: A party?
Penny: Yeah.
Howard: A boy-girl party?
Penny: Well, there will be boys, and there will be girls, and it is a party. So, it’ll just be a bunch of my
friends, we’ll have some beer, do a little dancing…
Sheldon: Dancing?
Leonard: Yeah, I don’t know, Penny…
Sheldon: The thing is, we’re not….

Leonard: We’re really more….
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: But thanks, thanks for thinking of us.
Penny: Are you sure? Come on, it’s Halloween.
Sheldon: A Halloween party?
Howard: As in, costumes?
Penny: Well, yeah.
Leonard: Is there a theme?
Penny: Um, yeah, Halloween.
Sheldon: Yes, but are the costumes random, or genre specific?
Penny: As usual, I’m not following.
Leonard: He’s asking if we can come as anyone from science-fiction, fantasy…
Penny: Sure.
Sheldon: What about comic-books?
Penny: Fine.
Sheldon: Anime?
Penny: Of course.
Sheldon: TV , film, D&D, Manga, Greek Gods, Roman Gods, Norse Gods…
Penny: Anything you want, okay? Any costume you want. Bye.
Howard: Gentlemen, to the sewing machines.
Credits Sequence
Scene: The apartment living room. There is a knock on the door.
Leonard (off): I’ll get it. (He enters, wearing a Flash costume. Opens door.)
Howard (Entering at speed, also wearing a Flash costume): Bjow (They stare at each other in shock.)
Leonard: Oh, no.
Sheldon: Oh no! (He is also wearing a Flash costume.)
Raj: Make way for the fastest man alive. (Enters, also in a Flash costume.) Oh no!
Sheldon: See, this is why I wanted to have a costume meeting.
Leonard: We all have other costumes, we can change.
Raj: Or, we could walk right behind each other all night and look like one person going really fast.

Howard: No, no, no, it’s a boy-girl party, this Flash runs solo.
Leonard: Okay, how about this, nobody gets to be The Flash, we all change, agreed?
All: Agreed.
Leonard: I call Frodo!
All: Damn!
Scene: The same, later. Leonard is dressed as Frodo. Howard appears to be Peter Pan. There is a
knock on the door.
Raj (Entering dressed as Thor): Hey. Sorry I’m late, but my hammer got stuck in the door on the bus.
Leonard: You went with Thor?
Raj: What? Just because I’m Indian I can’t be a Norse God? No, no, no, Raj has to be an Indian God.
That’s racism. I mean, look at Wolowitz, he’s not English, but he’s dressed like Peter Pan.
Sheldon(entering in a body suit featuring black and white vertical lines) is neither sound nor light, but
he’s obviously the Doppler Effect.
Howard: I’m not Peter Pan, I’m Robin Hood.
Raj: Really, because I saw Peter Pan, and you’re dressed exactly like Cathy Rigby. She was a little
bigger than you, but it’s basically the same look, man.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, there’s something I want to talk to you about before we go to the party.
Sheldon: I don’t care if anybody gets it, I’m going as the Doppler Effect.
Leonard: No, it’s not…
Sheldon: If I have to, I can demonstrate. Neeeeoooowwwww!
Leonard: Terrific. Um, this party is my first chance for Penny to see me in the context of her social
group, and I need you not to embarrass me tonight.
Sheldon: Well, what exactly do you mean by embarrass you?
Leonard: For example, tonight no-one needs to know that my middle name is Leakey.
Sheldon: Well, there’s nothing embarrassing about that, your father worked with Lewis Leakey, a
great anthropologist. It had nothing to do with your bed-wetting.
Leonard: All I’m saying is that this party is the perfect opportunity for Penny to see me as a member
of her peer group. A potential close friend and… perhaps more. I don’t want to look like a dork.
Scene: The hallway. Howard knocks on Penny’s door with his bow.
Howard: Just a heads up fellas, if anyone gets lucky I’ve got a dozen condoms in my quiver.
Penny (opening door, not in costume): Oh, hey guys.
Leonard: Hey, sorry we’re late.
Penny: Late? It’s 7:05.
Sheldon: And you said the party starts at seven.

Penny: Well, yeah, when you start a party at seven, no-one shows up at, you know, seven.
Sheldon: It’s 7:05.
Penny: Yes. Yes it is. Okay, well, um, come on in.
Howard: What, are all the girls in the bathroom?
Penny: Probably, but in their own homes.
Sheldon: So what time does the costume parade start?
Penny: The parade?
Sheldon: Yeah, so the judges can give out the prizes for best costume, you know, most frightening,
most authentic, most accurate visual representation of a scientific principle.
Penny: Oh, Sheldon, I’m sorry but there aren’t going to be any parades or judges or prizes.
Sheldon: This party is just going to suck.
Penny: No, come on, it’s going to be fun, and you all look great, I mean, look at you, Thor, and, oh,
Peter Pan, that’s so cute.
Leonard: Actually, Penny, he’s Rob…
Howard: I’m Peter Pan! And I’ve got a handful of pixie dust with your name on it.
Penny: No you don’t. Oh, hey, what’s Sheldon supposed to be.
Leonard: Oh, he’s the Doppler Effect.
Sheldon: Yes. It’s the apparent change in the frequency of a wave caused by relative motion between
the source of the wave and the observer.
Penny: Oh, sure, I see it now, the Doppler Effect. Alright, I’ve got to shower, you guys um, make
yourselves comfortable.
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: See, people get it.
Time shift, the party is in full swing, the four guys are sitting together around the coffee table.
Raj: Mmmm, by Odin’s beard, this is good Chex Mix.
Howard: No thanks, peanuts, I can’t afford to swell up in these tights.
Sheldon: I’m confused. If there’s no costume parade, what are we doing here?
Leonard: We’re socialising. Meeting new people.
Sheldon: Telepathically?
Penny (crossing the room in a cat costume, speaking to someone off-screen): Oh hey, when did you
get here, Hi!
Raj: Penny is wearing the worst Catwoman costume I have ever seen, and that includes Halle Berry’s.

Leonard: She’s not Catwoman, she’s just a generic cat.
Sheldon: And that’s the kind of sloppy costuming which results from a lack of rules and competition.
Howard: Hey guys, check out the sexy nurse. I believe it’s time for me to turn my head and cough.
Raj: What is your move?
Howard: I’m going to use the mirror technique. She brushes her hair back, I brush my hair back, she
shrugs, I shrug, subconsciously she’s thinking we’re in sync, we belong together.
Leonard: Where do you get this stuff?
Howard: You know, psychology journals, internet research, and there’s this great show on VH1 about
how to pick up girls.
Raj: Oh, if only I had his confidence. I have such difficulty speaking to women. Or around women. Or
at times, even effeminate men.
Howard: If that’s a working stethoscope, maybe you’d like to hear my heart skip a beat.
Nurse Costume Girl: No thanks.
Howard: No, seriously, you can, I have transient idiopathic arrhythmia.
Leonard: I want to get to know Penny’s friends, I just, I don’t know how to talk to these people.
Sheldon: Well, I actually might be able to help.
Leonard: How so?
Sheldon: Like Jane Goodall observing the apes, I initially saw their interactions as confusing and
unstructured, but patterns emerge, they have their own language if you will.
Leonard: Go on.
Sheldon: Well, it seems that the newcomer approaches the existing group with the greeting “How
wasted am I?” which is met with an approving chorus of “Dude.”
Leonard: Then what happens?
Sheldon: That’s as far as I’ve gotten.
Leonard: This is ridiculous, I’m jumping in.
Sheldon: Good luck.
Leonard: No, you’re coming with me.
Sheldon: Oh, I hardly think so.
Leonard: Come on.
Sheldon: Aren’t you afraid I’ll embarrass you?
Leonard: Yes. But I need a wing-man.
Sheldon: Alright, but if we’re going to use flight metaphors I’m much more suited to being the guy
from the FAA, analysing wreckage.

Girl in Hippie Costume: Oh, Hi!
Leonard: Hi.
Sheldon: Hello.
Girl: So, what are you supposed to be?
Sheldon: Me? I’ll give you a hint. Neeeeooooowwwww!
Girl: Uh, a choo-choo train?
Sheldon: Close! Neeeeeoooooowwwww!
Girl: A brain damaged choo-choo train?
Girl in Butterfly Costume (dropping onto sofa next to Raj): How wasted am I? (Raj shrugs.)
Time shift. Sheldon and Leonard are now talking to a girl in a princess costume.
Sheldon: Neeeeeooooowwwwww!
Girl: I still don’t get it.
Sheldon: I’m the Doppler Effect.
Girl: Okay, if that is some sort of learning disability, I think it’s very insensitive.
Leonard: Why don’t you just tell people you’re a zebra?
Sheldon: Well, why don’t you just tell people you’re one of the seven dwarves.
Leonard: Because I’m Frodo.
Sheldon: Yes, well, I’m the Doppler Effect.
Leonard: Oh no.
Sheldon: What?
Leonard: That’s Penny’s ex-boyfriend.
Sheldon: What do you suppose he’s doing here? Besides disrupting the local gravity field.
Leonard: If he were any bigger, he’d have moons orbiting him.
Sheldon: Oh, snap. So I guess we’ll be leaving now.
Leonard: Why should we leave? For all we know, he crashed the party and Penny doesn’t even want
him here. (Penny and Kurt hug).
Sheldon: You have a back-up hypothesis.
Leonard: Maybe they just want to be friends.
Sheldon: Or maybe she wants to be friends, and he wants something more.
Leonard: Then he and I are on equal ground.
Sheldon: Yes, but you’re much closer to it than he is.

Leonard: Look, if this was 15,000 years ago, by virtue of his size and strength, Kurt would be entitled
to his choice of female partners.
Sheldon: And male partners. Animal partners. Large primordial eggplants, pretty much whatever
tickled his fancy.
Leonard: Yes, but our society has undergone a paradigm shift, in the information age, Sheldon, you
and I are the alpha males. We shouldn’t have to back down.
Sheldon: True. Why don’t you text him that and see if he backs down?
Leonard: No. I’m going to assert my dominance face to face.
Sheldon: Face to face? Are you going to wait for him to sit down, or are you going to stand on a
coffee table?
Leonard: Hello Penny. Hello Kurt.
Penny: Oh, hey guys. You having a good time?
Sheldon: Given the reaction to my costume, this party is a scathing indictment of the American
education system.
Kurt: What, you’re a zebra, right?
Sheldon: Yet another child left behind.
Kurt: And what are you supposed to be, an Elf?
Leonard: No, I’m a Hobbit.
Kurt: What’s the difference?
Leonard: Uh, a Hobbit is a mortal Halfling inhabitant of Middle Earth, whereas an Elf is an immortal
tall warrior.
Kurt: So why the hell would you want to be a Hobbit?
Sheldon: Because he is neither tall nor immortal, and none of us could be The Flash.
Kurt: Well, whatever, why don’t you go hop off on a quest, I’m talking to Penny here.
Leonard: I think we’re all talking to Penny here.
Sheldon: I’m not. No offence.
Kurt: Okay, maybe you didn’t hear me, go away.
Penny: Alright Kurt, be nice.
Kurt: Aw, I am being nice. Right little buddy.
Penny: Kurt!
Leonard: Okay, I understand your impulse to try to physically intimidate me. I mean, you can’t
compete with me on an intellectual level and so you’re driven to animalistic puffery.
Kurt: Are you calling me a puffy animal?

Penny: Of course not, no, he’s not, you’re not, right Leonard?
Leonard: No, I said animalistic. Of course we’re all animals, but some of us have climbed a little
higher on the evolutionary tree.
Sheldon: If he understands that, you’re in trouble.
Kurt: So what, I’m unevolved?
Sheldon: You’re in trouble.
Kurt: You know, you use a lot of big words for such a little dwarf.
Penny: Okay, Kurt, please.
Leonard: No, Penny, it’s okay, I can handle this. I’m not a dwarf, I’m a Hobbit. A Hobbit. Are
misfiring neurons in your hippocampus preventing the conversion from short-term to long-term
memory?
Kurt: Okay, now you’re starting to make me mad.
Leonard: A homo-habilus discovering his opposable thumbs says what?
Kurt: What?
Leonard: I think I’ve made my point.
Kurt: Yeah, how about I make a point out of your pointy little head.
Sheldon: Let me remind you, while my moral support is absolute, in a physical confrontation I will be
less than useless.
Leonard: There’s not going to be a confrontation, in fact I doubt if he can even spell confrontation.
Kurt (physically lifting Leonard from the ground): C – O – N… frontation!
Penny: Kurt, put him down this instant.
Kurt: He started it.
Penny: I don’t care, I’m finishing it, put him down.
Kurt: Fine. You’re one lucky little leprechaun.
Sheldon: He’s a Hobbit! I’ve got your back.
Penny: Leonard, are you okay.
Leonard: Yeah, no, I’m fine. It’s good, it’s a good party, thanks for having us, it’s just getting a little
late so….
Penny: Oh, okay, alright, well thank you for coming.
Sheldon: Happy Halloween. (They leave) If it’s any consolation, I thought that homo-habilus line
really put him in his place.
Scene: The living room. Sheldon brings Leonard a cup of tea.
Leonard: What’s that?

Sheldon: Tea. When people are upset the cultural convention is to bring them hot beverages. There
there. You want to talk about it?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Good. There there was really all I had.
Leonard: Good night Sheldon.
Sheldon: Good night Leonard.
Penny (knocking on door and entering): Hey Leonard.
Leonard: Hi Penny.
Penny: Hey, I just wanted to make sure you’re okay.
Leonard: I’m fine.
Penny: I’m so sorry about what happened.
Leonard: It’s not your fault.
Penny: Yes it is. That’s why I broke up with him, he always does stuff like that.
Leonard: So why was he at your party?
Penny: Well, I ran into him last week and, he was… just, all apologetic, about how he’s changed, he
was just going on and on and I believed him, and I’m an idiot because I always believe guys like that
and… I can’t go back to my party because he’s there, and I know you don’t want to hear this and I’m
upset and I’m really drunk and I just want to… (bursts into tears and rests head on Leonard’s
shoulder.)
Leonard: There there.
Penny: God, what is wrong with me.
Leonard: Nothing, you’re perfect.
Penny: Gah, I’m not perfect.
Leonard: Yes you are.
Penny: You really think so, don’t you? (She kisses hm.)
Leonard: Penny?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: How much have you had to drink tonight?
Penny: Just…. a lot.
Leonard: Are you sure that your being drunk, and your being angry with Kurt doesn’t have something
to do with what’s going on here?
Penny: It might. Boy, you’re really smart.
Leonard: Yeah, I’m a frickin’ genius.

Penny: Leonard, you are so great. Why can’t all guys be like you?
Leonard: Because if all guys were like me, the human race couldn’t survive.
Penny: I should probably go.
Leonard: Probably.
Penny (in doorway): Thank you. (She kisses him again. Kurt is watching.)
Leonard: That’s right, you saw what you saw. That’s how we roll in The Shire. (Closes door quickly,
locks and chains it.)
Scene: The apartment, there is a knock on the door.
Sheldon: Coming. (Opens door to Howard.)
Howard: Hey, have you seen Koothrapali?
Sheldon: He’s not here. Maybe the Avenger summoned him.
Howard: He’s not the Marvel comic story, he’s the original Norse God.
Sheldon: Thank you for the clarification.
Howard: I’m supposed to give him a ride home.
Sheldon: Well I’m sure he’ll be fine. He has his hammer.
Scene: A random bedroom. Butterfly costume girl is climbing off of Raj.
Butterfly Girl: Wow, I have to say, you are an amazing man. You’re gentle and passionate, and my
God, you are such a good listener!
(Raj puts hands behind head with a smug expression on his face.)


