Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 01
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: So you see, what you’re eating is not technically yoghurt, because it doesn’t have enough
live acidophilus cultures. It’s really just iced milk with carragenin added for thickness.
Penny: Oh, that’s very interesting.
Leonard: It’s also not pink and has no berries.
Penny: Yeah, but it doesn’t really answer my question.
Leonard: What was your question again?
Penny: Do you want some.
Leonard: Oh, right, no, I’m lactose intolerant.
Penny: Right.
Leonard: So, gas.
Penny: Got it.
Leonard: Well, good night. (They kiss. Camera cuts away to a wall mounted security cam above the
lift. Leonard spots its movement and shuffles Penny away.)
Penny: What are you doing?
Leonard: There was a draft.
Penny: I didn’t feel a draft.
Leonard: Why don’t we just go into your….
Penny: Oh, yeah, you know what, maybe we should just slow things down a little.
Leonard: No, no, I didn’t mean to go into your apartment to… go fast.
Penny: No, I know, I… I know what you meant, it’s just… it’s only our first date.
Leonard: Yeah, okay, sure, no problem, why don’t we just figure out where we’re going, and when
we want to get there, and then rate of speed equals distance over time. Solve for R.
Penny: Or we could just wing it.
Leonard: That might work too.
Penny: Goodnight Leonard.
Leonard: Goodnight. (He throws the camera a dirty look.)
Cut to inside the apartment.
Raj: He’s coming. Screen saver.

Howard: Oh, hey, Leonard, how was your date?
Leonard: Bite me. Sheldon, how could you just sit there and let them spy on me?
Sheldon: They were clever, Leonard. They exploited my complete lack of interest in what you were
doing.
Howard: You should thank us. When future generations try to determine why your relationship with
Penny crashed and burned, this right here is the black box.
Leonard: What are you talking about, the date went fine.
Raj: Dude, she said she wants to slow things down.
Leonard: Okay, so, she said she wants to slow things down. It’s like saying “I’m really enjoying this
meal, I’m going to slow down and savour it.”
Howard: No, it’s like “this fish tastes bad, so I’m going to slow down and spit it out.”
Raj: You being the fish.
Leonard: I’m not the fish.
Howard: Oh really, did you make a second date.
Leonard: Well, we sort of decided to wing it.
Sheldon: Oh, even I know that’s lame.
Leonard: Okay, alright, let’s assume your hypothesis. We went to dinner, we talked, we laughed, we
kissed, where could I have possibly gone wrong.
Howard: Think back, Leonard, the littlest things can set women off. Like, hey, the waitress is hot, I
bet we could get her to come home with us. Or, how much does your mom weigh, I want to know
what I’m getting into.
Leonard: I didn’t say anything like that.
Howard: Good, ‘cos they don’t work.
Raj: They also don’t care for it if you stare at them and hyperventilate. Sadly, that’s my home run
swing.
Leonard: Look, everything went fine. I didn’t even have to refer to my impromptu conversation
starters. The woman across the hall is into me.
Howard: Let’s go to the tape. Look at her reaction to the goodnight kiss, no change in respiration,
pupils un-dilated, no flushing of the chest.
Raj: Nice close up, by the way.
Sheldon: Interesting, her jaws are clenched, no tongue access, clearly a bad sign amongst mating
humans.
Leonard: That’s not a bad sign.
Sheldon: Please, you might as well have been two iguana with no dewlap enlargement.
Raj: And the worst sign of all is, you’re here and not there.

Leonard: I’m not there because I’m taking things slow. Which, by the way, compared to you guys
approaches warp speed. And take down that camera.
Raj: He was a lot more fun when he had no hope.
Howard: Give him time.
Credits sequence
Scene: The laundry room. Sheldon is folding shirts.
Penny (entering): Hi.
Sheldon: Oh, hi Penny. FYI, the hot water is inadequate on machine 2 so colours only, and 4 is still
releasing the fabric softener too early in the cycle so I’d avoid using that for your delicates.
Penny (tipping all her laundry into one machine at once): Thanks.
Sheldon: Oh, good Lord. Why don’t you just take your clothes down to the river and beat them with a
rock?
Penny: Sheldon, may I ask you a question?
Sheldon: I would prefer that you not, but I won’t go so far as to forbid it.
Penny: Alright, I heard yes, so… okay, here’s my question, has Leonard ever dated, you know, a
regular girl.
Sheldon: Well I assume you’re not referring to digestive regularity? Because I’ve come to learn that
such inquiries are inappropriate.
Penny: No, I meant has he ever been involved with someone who wasn’t a braniac?
Sheldon: Oh. Well, a few years ago he did go out with a woman who had a PhD in French Literature.
Penny: How is that not a braniac?
Sheldon: Well, for one thing, she was French. For another, it was literature.
Penny: So, do you think that if Leonard and I keep dating he’ll eventually get bored with me.
Sheldon: That depends.
Penny: On what?
Sheldon: Do you have a working knowledge of quantum physics?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Do you speak Klingon?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Do you know any card tricks?
Penny: Okay, okay, you know, I get it, Leonard has no business being involved with a waitress slash
actress who felt so insecure that she lied to him about finishing community college.
Sheldon: Why would you lie about that?

Penny: Well, he was going on and on about this college and that grad school and I didn’t want him to
think I was some stupid loser.
Sheldon: You thought the opposite of stupid loser was community college graduate?
Penny: You know, there are a lot of successful people in this country who are community college
graduates.
Sheldon: Yeah, but you were neither.
Penny: Right, okay look, this is between you and me, you cannot tell Leonard any of this.
Sheldon: You’re asking me to keep a secret?
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Well I’m sorry, but you would have had to express that desire before revealing the secret, so
that I could choose whether or not I wanted to accept the covenant of secret keeping. You can’t
impose a secret on an ex post facto basis.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Secret keeping is a complicated endeavour. One has to be concerned not only about what
one says, but about facial expression, autonomic reflexes, when I try to deceive, I myself have more
nervous tics than a lyme disease research facility. (Long pause.) It’s a joke. It relies on the hominymic
relationship between tick the blood-sucking arachnid, and tic the involuntary muscular contraction. I
made it up myself.
Penny: Okay, look, if Leonard finds out that I lied, I will absolutely die of embarrassment.
Sheldon: Physiologically impossible.
Penny: Oh Sheldon, please, look, I’m asking you as a friend.
Sheldon: So you’re saying that friendship contains within it an inherent obligation to maintain
confidences?
Penny: Well, yeah.
Sheldon: Interesting. See, one more question, and perhaps I should have led with this, when did we
become friends?
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: I.e, I couldn’t become Green Lantern unless I was chosen by the guardians of Oa, but given
enough start-up capital and an adequate research facility, I could be Batman.
Leonard: You could be Batman?
Sheldon: Sure. (In a gravelly voice) I’m Batman. See.
Penny (arriving): Hi guys.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon (looking the other way uncomfortably): Hi Penny.

Leonard: Hey, Penny, if you’re not doing anything Friday night I thought maybe we could go and see
a movie.
Penny: Oh, um, you know, I think I have the dinner shift on Friday.
Leonard: What about Saturday?
Penny: You know, I’m not sure, the manager hasn’t posted the schedule yet, how about I let you know.
Leonard: Great. So you just let me know when you know. So… (she leaves) Oh God, I am the bad
fish! What did I do wrong?
Sheldon: Why are you asking me, I have no information about your interactions with Penny other than
what you provided me, nor do I have any method of learning such things. (Runs away.)
Leonard (chasing him): What does that mean?
Sheldon: Nothing. You seem to be implying an informational back channel between me and Penny
where obviously none exists.
Leonard: No I didn’t.
Sheldon: I just think you need to be careful how you phrase things, sir.
Leonard: What’s going on with you?
Sheldon: Well I might ask you the same question. Why do you insist on attempting to drag me into
matters which have nothing to do with me? But exist between you and Penny. A person to whom I
barely speak. (His eye begins to twitch.)
Leonard: What’s wrong with your face?
Sheldon: There’s no reason to bring my looks into this. Good day, Leonard.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I said Good Day! (He leaves)
Leonard: Good day?
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Penny: Also today we have a fresh caught Alaska salmon, and that’s served with a teriyaki glaze and
sticky rice. Our soup of the day…
Sheldon (appearing behind her): You must release me from my oath.
Penny: Sheldon, I’m working.
Sheldon: Why don’t you take a minute to decide (leads her away) I can’t keep your secret Penny. I’m
going to fold like an energy based anobo protein in conformational space. Like a renaissance triptych.
Like a cheap suit.
Penny: Oh, look, why is it so hard for you to keep one little secret?
Sheldon: I’m constitutionally incapable. That’s why I was refused clearance for a very prestigious
government research fellowship at a secret military supercollider, located beneath a fake agricultural
station 12.5 miles south east of Travers City, Michigan. Which you did not hear about from me.

Penny: Look, just forget I told you about me not graduating from community college. Okay?
Sheldon: Forget! You want me to forget? This mind does not forget. I haven’t forgotten a single thing
since the day my mother stopped breast feeding me. It was a drizzly Tuesday.
Penny: Okay, look, you promised me you would keep my secret so you’re just going to have to figure
out a way to do it.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon (entering): Leonard, I’m moving out.
Leonard: What do you mean, you’re moving out? Why?
Sheldon: There doesn’t have to be a reason.
Leonard: Yeah, there kind of does.
Sheldon: Not necessarily. This is a classic example of munchausen’s trilemma. Either the reason is
predicated on a series of sub-reasons leading to an infinite regression, or it tracks back to arbitrary
axiomatic statements, or it’s ultimately circular, i.e., I’m moving out because I’m moving out.
Leonard: I’m still confused.
Sheldon: Leonard, I don’t see how I could have made it any simpler.
Howard (entering): Hey, qu’est q’wass up?
Raj: We just got back from that exhibit of those plasticised human cadavers.
Howard: And some of those skinless chicks were hot.
Sheldon: If you’ll excuse me, I’m going to pack.
Howard: That’s kind of an overreaction to a little harmless necrophilia.
Leonard: It’s not you, Howard, he says he’s moving out.
Raj: What did you do? Did you change the contrast or brightness settings on the television?
Leonard: No.
Raj: Did you take a band aid off in front of him?
Leonard: No.
Howard: Did you buy generic ketchup, forget to rinse the sink, talk to him through the bathroom door?
Raj: Adjust the thermostat, cook with cilantro, pronounce the T in often?
Leonard: No.
Howard: Did you make fun of trains?
Leonard: I didn’t do anything, he’s just gone insane.
Raj: Well, we all knew this day was coming.
Leonard: That was fast.

Sheldon: It’s my pre-packed disaster evacuation bag. Recommended by the department of homeland
security. And Sarah Connor.
Leonard: Where are you gonna live?
Sheldon: Until I find a permanent place I will stay with friends.
Howard: Bye (runs out.)
Raj: Well you can’t stay with me, I have a teeny tiny apartment.
Sheldon: Excuse me, but isn’t hosting guests an aspect of Menushya Yajna, one of the five central
religious duties or sacrifices of the Hindu householder?
Raj: I hate trains.
Sheldon: Don’t be ridiculous, you love trains.
Raj: Yes I do, come on. See you later Leonard. (Sheldon drops keys in bowl and leaves without a
word.)
Leonard: This could work.
Scene: Raj’s apartment.
Sheldon: This is a very old building.
Raj: Sixty years. Used to be a watch factory.
Sheldon: Uh-oh.
Raj: What?
Sheldon: Don’t you worry about the residual radium from the luminous dials?
Raj: Not until now.
Sheldon: I can’t believe I didn’t bring my gieger counter. You know, I had it on my bed and I didn’t
pack it.
Raj: Well, if you’re not comfortable staying here, Sheldon…
Sheldon: I’m kidding, I packed it. It was a joke, I was subverting the conversational expectations. I
believe they call that the, um, old switcheroo.
Raj: Terrific.
Sheldon (referring to Bollywood singing on television): Is that woman Aishwarya Rai?
Raj: Yes, isn’t she an amazing actress.
Sheldon: Actually, I’d say she’s a poor man’s Madhuri Dixit.
Raj: How dare you. Aishwarya Rai is a Goddess. By comparison Madhuri Dixit is a leprous prostitute.
Sheldon: Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend you. Obviously you’re not that familiar with Indian cinema.
Scene: Howard’s house. The door rings.

Howard: Who is it?
Voice: Strippergram. (Howard opens door. Outside are Raj and Sheldon.)
Raj: Tag. You’re it. (Runs away.)
Howard: Shouldn’t you have put him in a brown paper bag and set him on fire?
Scene: Howard’s bedroom. Howard is in bed, Sheldon is on a blow up mattress on the floor.
Sheldon: I’ve never slept on an air mattress before. No lumbar support whatsoever.
Howard: Maybe you’d be happier on a park bench?
Sheldon: I don’t see any way to get a park bench in here.
Howard: Do you want to switch?
Sheldon: No, that’s fine. I’m perfectly comfortable sleeping on a bouncy castle.
Howard: Get out of bed, we’re switching.
Sheldon: Now, only if you want to.
Howard: Just get in the bed!
Howard’s mother (off): What’s going on? Are you boys roughhousing?
Howard: We’re just talking ma.
Howard’s mother: If you don’t settle down right now, I’m not going to let you have any more
sleepovers.
Howard: For God’s sake, ma, I’m 27 years old. It’s not even a school night! (To Sheldon) Comfy now?
Sheldon: Meh. That poster of Halle Berry’s a little unnerving.
Howard: So don’t look at it.
Sheldon: She’s like my fourth favourite catwoman.
Howard: No kidding?
Sheldon: Yeah, Julie Newmar, Michelle Pfieffer, Eartha Kitt and then her.
Howard: What about Lee Meriwether?
Sheldon: Oh, I forgot about Lee Meriwether.
Howard: Well I’m glad that’s settled.
Sheldon: That makes Halle Berry my fifth favourite catwoman. There’s Julie Newmar, Michelle
Pfieffer, Eartha Kitt, Lee Meriwether…
Howard: Please, I’m begging you, go to sleep.
Sheldon: I’m trying, I’m counting catwomen. She did make a fine mutant in the X-Men movies
though.
Howard: Oh for God’s sake.

Sheldon: But she’s not my favourite of the X-Men, in order that would be Wolverine, Cyclops, oh
wait, I forgot Professor X. Professor X, Wolverine, Cyclops, Iceman, then Storm, Angel, the Beast, oh
wait, Nightcrawler. Professor X, Nightcrawler, Wolverine, Cyclops, Iceman, then Storm, Angel….
Scene: Sheldon and Leonard’s apartment. There is an urgent rapping at the door.
Leonard: I’m coming! (Opens the door. Sheldon falls inside, wearing his pyjamas. Howard is outside.)
Sheldon: Hey, there he is, there’s my old buddy-bud-bud.
Leonard: What’s with him?
Howard: Koothrappali dumped him on me, and he couldn’t get to sleep, so I gave him a glass of warm
milk with a handful of my mom’s valium in it. But he still wouldn’t shut up, so, tag, you’re it.
Sheldon: I’m ba-ack!
Leonard: I still don’t know why you left.
Sheldon: I can’t tell you.
Leonard: Why not.
Sheldon: I promised Penny.
Leonard: You promised Penny what?
Sheldon: That I wouldn’t tell you the secret. Shhhhh!
Leonard: What secret. Tell me the secret.
Sheldon: Mom smokes in the car. Jesus is okay with it, but we can’t tell Dad.
Leonard: Not that secret, the other secret.
Sheldon: I’m Batman. Shhhhh!
Leonard: Dammit, Sheldon! You said Penny told you a secret, what was the secret.
Sheldon: Okay, I’ll tell you, but you can’t tell Leonard.
Leonard: I promise.
Sheldon: Penny lied about graduating from community college because she is afraid she’s not smart
enough for Leonard.
Leonard: So it’s nothing I did? It’s her problem?
Sheldon: I drank milk that tasted funny.
Leonard: Penny thinks I’m too smart for her, that’s ridiculous.
Sheldon: I know, most of your work is extremely derivative. Don’t worry, that’s not a secret.
Everybody knows.
Scene: The hallway. Leonard is outside Penny’s door.
Penny (opening door): Hi.

Leonard: Yeah, hi, listen, I know what’s been bothering you about us, and I have the answer.
Penny: What are you talking about.
Leonard: First I want to say that it’s not Sheldon’s fault, he tried very hard to keep your secret, if
Howard hadn’t drugged him he would have taken it to his grave.
Penny: He told you?
Leonard: Yes, but it’s okay. Now that we know what the problem is, there’s a simple solution. (Hands
her a brochure.)
Penny: Pasadena city college?
Leonard: A place for fun, a place for knowledge. See, this man here’s playing hacky sack, and this
girl’s going to be a paralegal.
Penny: Wow, I get it, because Dr Leonard Hofstadter can’t date a girl without a fancy college degree.
Leonard: Well, it’s really not that fancy, it’s just a city college.
Penny: Right, but I have to have some sort of degree to date you?
Leonard: That doesn’t matter to me at all.
Penny: So, it’s fine with you if I’m not smart.
Leonard: Absolutely. (She slams the door in his face.) Okay, this time I know where I went wrong.
(Looking up and seeing the camera) Oh bite me!

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 02
Scene: The building entrance lobby. The guys enter. Sheldon is dressed as a medieval monk, Howard
is a court jester, Raj is a medieval gentleman and Leonard is a knight.
Sheldon: Worst Renaissance Fair ever.
Leonard: Please let it go, Sheldon.
Sheldon: It was rife with historical inaccuracies. For example, the tavern girl serving flagons of mead,
now her costume was obviously Germanic, but in 1487 the Bavarian purity laws or Rhineheitsgebot
severely limited the availability of mead. At best they would have had some sort of spiced wine.
Leonard: You’re nitpicking.
Sheldon: Oh-ho! Really? Well here’s another nit for you. The flagons would not have been made of
polypropylene.
Howard: Renaissance fairs aren’t about historical accuracy. They’re about taking chubby girls who
work at Kinko’s and lacing them up in corsets so tight their bosom jumps out and says howdy.
Sheldon: Bosoms would not have said howdy in the fifteenth century. If anything they would have
said “huzzah!”
Howard: I don’t care what the bosoms say, Sheldon, I just want to be part of the conversation.
Penny (arriving with a man in tow): Hi guys. Looks like you’ve been to the Renaissance fair. I’m
hoping.
Sheldon: Renaissance fair? More of a medieval slash age of enlightenment slash any excuse to wear a
codpiece fair.
Penny: Okay, fine, whatever, um, you guys, this is my friend Eric.
Howard: Hello.
Leonard: Hi.
Eric: Hey.
Leonard: So, yeah, good to see you.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, it’s good to see you too. We should really go.
Eric: Yeah.
Penny(leaving): Bye guys.
Eric (leaving, to Howard): Like your hat.

Howard: Thanks, my mom made it. Penny with a new guy, tres awkward.
Leonard: It wasn’t awkward. It wasn’t fun. Besides, what’s the big deal, we dated, we stopped dating,
and now we’re both moving on.
Raj: By moving on, do you mean, she’s going out with other men and you spent the afternoon making
fifteenth century soap with Wolowitz?
Sheldon: That was not fifteenth century soap, my God those people need to learn you can’t just put
“ye olde” in front of anything and expect to get away with it.
Leonard: Can we please just go in, my chain mail is stuck in my underwear.
Sheldon: You’re wearing modern underwear?
Leonard: Relatively modern. Why, what are you wearing?
Sheldon: I fashioned historically accurate undergarments out of linen.
Leonard: You went out and bought linen?
Sheldon: Don’t be silly, I borrowed one of your pillow cases.
Leonard: Borrowed?
Credits sequence
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: You know what, I’m happy that Penny’s moving on. It gives me the freedom to move on
myself.
Howard: Are you saying that you’ve been holding back?
Leonard: Of course. Out of respect.
Howard: So, how do you explain the ten years before Penny?
Raj: Who were you respecting then?
Leonard: What? I’ve dated plenty of women. There was Joyce Kim, Leslie Winkle.
Sheldon: Notify the editors of the Oxford English Dictionary, the word plenty has been redefined to
mean two.
Leonard: Uh, what about that girl last year at Comic-con?
Raj: Doesn’t count.
Leonard: Why not?

Raj: What happens in costume at Comic-con, stays at Comic-con.
Howard: You’re only saying that because of what happened to you.
Leonard: What happened to you?
Raj: N-n-n-nothing happened to me.
Howard: It wasn’t your fault, Raj, he was dressed as a green Orion slave girl.
Raj: H-h-h-how did we get on me, we were mocking Leonard for not moving on. Dude, you have
totally not moved on.
Leonard: Yes I have, it’s just a matter of actually making a date with someone.
Howard: Like who?
Leonard: Well, there’s Joyce Kim, but she defected back to North Korea so it’s a little geographically
undesireable.
Raj: What about Leslie Winkle.
Sheldon: Oh no.
Raj: Why?
Sheldon: Her research methodology is sloppy, she’s unjustifiably arrogant about loop quantum gravity,
and to make matters worse she’s often mean to me.
Raj: I think she’s smoking hot.
Howard: I’d hit that.
Sheldon: You’d hit particulate soil on a colloidal suspension. Mud.
Leonard: Look, I like Leslie, but she’s not interested in dating as much as using men as tools for stress
release.
Howard: Yeah, so, be a tool. Go get yourself a little rebound stress release.
Raj: Technically it would only be rebound if he and Penny had actually engaged in physical intimacy.
Howard: You mean like you and Richard the slave girl?
Raj: I bought him dinner and we kissed once, that was it. (Leaving) And he told me his name was
Kimberley!
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Sheldon: You know how I know we’re not in The Matrix?

Leonard: How?
Sheldon: If we were, the food would be better.
Leslie (arriving): Hey, Leonard.
Leonard: Hey, Leslie.
Leslie: Hey, dummy.
Sheldon: Hello to you, insufficiently intelligent person.
Leslie: Ooh, rush me to the burn unit. Hey, Leonard, do you have a second, I need to ask you
something.
Leonard: Uh, sure.
Sheldon: Well, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to go do work that promises significant results, as
opposed to what you do, which does not. Yeah, you heard me.
Leslie: Wow. So, I heard your relationship with Penny crashed to the ground like blue ice falling out
of an airplane lavatory.
Leonard: Where did you hear that?
Leslie: Actually I read it. Wolowitz texted me. (Shows him text.)
Leonard: Like blue ice falling out of an airplane lavatory. Yep.
Leslie: I thought it was a pretty good one, I gave him an L-O-L. Anyway, it got me thinking, now that
you’re unattached maybe we can revisit our previous attachment.
Leonard: Are you suggesting another bout of stress release.
Leslie: No, I’m all done with casual sex. From now on I’m fully committed to the traditional
relationship paradigm.
Leonard: Really, what changed?
Leslie: It’s hard to say, I guess there’s just a time in every woman’s life when she gets tired of waking
up on a strange futon with a bunch of people she doesn’t know.
Leonard: Yeah, I can see how that would… a bunch of people?
Leslie: Anyway, I just figure it’s time to slow things down and who better to slow things down with
than you?
Leonard: Oh, I’m flattered. So, how do you suggest we proceed?
Leslie: Your place, we’ll order Chinese, you’ll rent a movie, artsy but accessible, then light petting, no
coitus.

Leonard: Sounds fun.
Leslie: I’ll leave the details up to you, I think it’s better if you assume the male role.
Leonard: Thank you, that’s very thoughtful.
Leslie: Great. Call me.
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is dressed smartly and placing wine on the table. Sheldon enters.
Sheldon: Great news. My mom sent me my old Nintendo 64.
Leonard: Terrific.
Sheldon: You know what this means, don’t you? Break out the Red Bull, it’s time to rock Mario old
school.
Leonard: I kind of have other plans tonight.
Sheldon: But it’s Friday. Friday’s always vintage game night. Look, mom included the memory card,
we can pick up where I left off in 1999 when I had pernicious anaemia.
Leonard: Well, the thing is, someone’s coming over.
Sheldon: Well then, no problem, I have three controllers, the more the merrier.
Leonard: Sheldon, it’s a date, I have a date coming over.
Sheldon: Oh, well you can’t blame me for not jumping to that conclusion.
Leonard: Why, what’s so unusual about me having a date?
Sheldon: Well, statistically speaking…
Leonard: Alright, alright. Well, uh, nevertheless, I have one now and I would appreciate it if you
would, you know, make yourself scarce.
Sheldon: Leonard, I am a published theoretical physicist with two doctorates and an IQ which can’t be
accurately measured by normal tests, how much scarcer could I be?
Leonard: You know what I mean, could you just give us a little privacy?
Sheldon: You want me to leave the apartment?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: You mean just go someplace else and be… someplace else?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Well, why should I leave, this is my apartment too.

Leonard: I know it is, and if science ever discovers a second member of your species and you two
would like some privacy I would be more than happy to get out of your way.
Sheldon: Well alright then.
Scene: The entrance lobby. Sheldon is sitting on the bottom step using his laptop. Penny comes down
the stairs.
Penny: Sheldon? What are you doing?
Sheldon: Playing Super Mario on a poorly coded Nintendo 64 emulator.
Penny: Yeah, but why are you doing it on the stairs?
Sheldon: I’m a modern day Napoleon exiled to the Elba of the staircase because Leonard, get this, has
a date.
Penny: Oh. Oh, well, good for him. Yeah but, why are you sitting here, why don’t you just go to a
movie or something?
Sheldon: Alone?
Penny: Yeah, why not?
Sheldon: What if I choke on my popcorn, who will administer the Heimlich manoeuvre.
Penny: Well then don’t order popcorn.
Sheldon: No popcorn at the mo… listen to yourself.
Penny: Well why don’t you go to a coffee shop.
Sheldon: I don’t drink coffee.
Penny: They have other things.
Sheldon: What do they have?
Penny: I don’t know, you know, cookies, pastries…
Sheldon: Pastries such as bearclaws?
Penny: Yeah, sure.
Sheldon: I don’t like bearclaws.
Leslie (entering): Heya Penny. Dumbass.
Sheldon: Leslie Winkle. Of all the overrated physicists in all the labs in all the world, why does it
have to be Leslie Winkle?

Penny: Well, they have a lot in common. I mean they’re both scientists.
Sheldon: Oh please. The only way she could make a contribution to science would be if they resume
sending chimps into space.
Penny: Okay, well I have a date too, so see ya.
Sheldon: Everybody has a date. Even you, Mario, going after Princess Peach. And what am I doing,
I’m just enabling you.
Scene: The apartment.
Leslie: This is pretty good Orange Chicken.
Leonard: Yeah, it’s from Changs.
Leslie: Not Chows?
Leonard: No, Changs.
Leslie: What happened to Chows?
Leonard: It changed.
Leslie: Oh. So, how many children do you think we should have? (Leonard splutters and coughs) I’m
sorry, that was a little abrupt.
Leonard: A little.
Leslie: I mean there are so many things to talk about before we discuss reproduction.
Leonard: I sure hope so.
Leslie: Besides shortness, what genetic weaknesses run in your family?
Sheldon (entering): I’m sorry to interrupt, batteries dying continue.
Leslie: Uh, genetic weaknesses, right, um, there’s the lactose intolerance.
Sheldon (preparing an extension cord): Don’t forget the male pattern baldness. When his uncles sit
around the dinner table they look like a half carton of eggs. (Exits. Extension cord trails after him.
Eventually goes tight a couple of times then falls loose.)
Leonard: Okay, now my uncles are bald, but my Aunt Edna is one of the hairiest women you will ever
meet. So… Sweet lady. It always tickles when she hugs me. (Sheldon knocks and enters again.) What
now?
Sheldon: I have to make pee-pee.
Time shift to later.

Leonard: Listen, I’m sorry about all of Sheldon’s interruptions, he can be a bit of an eccentric.
Leslie: If by eccentric you mean passive-aggressive East Texas blowhole, I agree.
Leonard: Well, I think tonight was a very good start.
Leslie: Me too. You’re sure you’re okay postponing intercourse until our relationship is past the initial
viability test?
Leonard: No problem, I’m very skilled at postponing intercourse. So I guess I’ll call you and we’ll
arrange another evening.
Leslie: Yes. I believe protocol dictates that you wait a minimum of 18 hours before you call so I’m
not repulsed by your cloying eagerness.
Leonard: Sure.
Leslie: Again, it’s your decision, you’re the man.
Penny (voice off, ascending the stairs): No, it wasn’t my cat, it was an experiment designed by this
guy named Schrodinger.
Eric (appearing round corner with Penny): From the Charlie Brown cartoons?
Penny: No, he was some kind of scientist, let me start again. Oh, hey Leonard.
Leonard: Hello.
Penny: Leslie.
Leslie: Hi.
(Penny turns and crosses hall.)
Leonard: Okay, well, goodnight. (Leans in to kiss Leslie.)
Penny: Okay, well, goodnight. (Grabs Eric and kisses him more passionately.)
Leslie (whispering): That ain’t going to make your point. (Grabs him and tries to out-passion Penny.
The two couples get more passionate trying to outdo each other until Leonard grabs Leslie’s ass.)
Okay, that’s enough. (Sweetly) Call me (exits.)
Leonard: Right (goes back inside flat. Closes door.)
Penny (breaking off kiss): Okay, goodnight.
Eric: What?
Penny: Had a great time, ciao (closes door.)
Scene: The university lunch room.

Sheldon: I’m sorry, I am not going back to the Renaissance Fair.
Howard: Come on, Sheldon, there’s so few places I can wear my jester costume.
Sheldon: I don’t care. There are far too many historical anomalies for my comfort.
Raj: Oh, okay, how about this. You can go dressed as a Star Trek science officer exploring a planet
similar to Earth in the 1500s.
Sheldon: You mean like Spock?
Raj: Sure.
Sheldon: Fascinating.
Leslie (arriving): Hey fellow scientists. Sheldon.
Leonard: Hey, why don’t we all move over there so Leslie can join us.
Howard: Hmm, let’s do it. (Sheldon does not move. Leonard looks confused.)
Sheldon: If you’re having trouble deciding where to sit may I suggest one potato two potato, or as I
call it the Leslie Winkle experimental methodology.
Leonard: Don’t make this hard for me.
Sheldon: It’s not hard. It’s simple. You can either sit with me, your friend, colleague and roommate,
or you can sit with an overrated scientist you might have sex with.
Leonard: You’re right, it is simple. (Sits with Leslie.)
Scene: The stairs. Sheldon is playing on his computer at the end of the long extension cord.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Penny.
Penny: Third floor tonight. Mixing it up? (Sheldon indicates extension cord.) Oh. You know, I still
don’t understand why you just don’t go to dinner or something.
Sheldon: Alright, let’s say I go to dinner alone. And during the meal I have to use the rest room. How
do I know someone’s not touching my food?
Penny: Goodnight Sheldon.
Sheldon: Penny, hold on. Are you sure things can’t work out with you and Leonard?
Penny: Excuse me?
Sheldon: I’m just wondering if you really gave it the old college try? Or in your case the old
community college try?

Penny: Okay, where is this coming from?
Sheldon: Leonard is upstairs right now with my arch enemy.
Penny: Your arch enemy?
Sheldon: Yes, the Doctor Doom to my Mr Fantastic. The Doctor Octopus to my Spiderman. The
Doctor Sivana to my Captain Marvel.
Penny: Okay, I get it, I get it, I get it.
Sheldon: Do you know, it’s amazing how many supervillains have advanced degrees. Graduate school
should probably do a better job of screening those people out.
Penny: Sheldon, come back, you’re losing me.
Sheldon: Leslie Winkle, Penny. She belittles my research.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, I’m sorry.
Sheldon: She called me dumbass.
Penny: I know. I heard.
Sheldon: Given this situation, I have no choice but to withdraw my previous objections to your ill
considered relationship with Leonard.
Penny: Oh, gee, well, thankyou for that. But, um, I think for now Leonard and I are just going to stay
friends.
Sheldon: No, that response is unacceptable to me.
Penny: Sheldon, you are a smart guy, you must know…
Sheldon: Smart? I’d have to lose 60 IQ points to be classified as smart.
Penny: Are you going to let me talk?
Sheldon: I’m sorry.
Penny: You must know that if Leonard and Leslie want to be together, nothing you can do is going to
stop it.
Sheldon: You continue to underestimate my abilities madam.
Penny: Okay, let me put it this way, if you’re really Leonard’s friend you will support him no matter
who he wants to be with.
Sheldon: Wait a minute, why am I doing all the giving here? If Leonard’s really my friend, why
doesn’t he have to support me in my hatred of Leslie Winkle?

Penny: Because love trumps hate.
Sheldon: Oh now you’re just making stuff up.
Penny: Okay. Goodnight Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh Mario. If only I could control everyone the way I control you. Hop, you little plumber,
hop, hop, hop.
Scene: The apartment. Leonard and Leslie are kissing.
Sheldon (entering): When the two of you reach a natural stopping point I’d like to have a word.
Leonard: If the word is pee-pee, just do it.
Sheldon: Leonard, you are my friend. And friends support their friends, apparently. So I am
withdrawing my objection to your desire to have a relationship with Leslie.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: I will graciously overlook the fact that she is an arrogant sub-par scientist, who actually
believes loop quantum gravity better unites quantum mechanics with general relativity than does
string theory. You kids have fun.
Leslie: Hang on a second. Loop quantum gravity clearly offers more testable predictions than string
theory.
Sheldon: I’m listening, amuse me.
Leslie: Okay, well, for one thing we expect quantii space-time to manifest itself as minute differences
in the speed of light for different colours.
Sheldon: Balderdash. Matter clearly consists of tiny strings.
Leslie: Are you going to let him talk to me like that?
Leonard: Okay, well, there is a lot of merit to both theories.
Leslie: No there isn’t, only loop quantum gravity calculates the entropy of black holes. (Sheldon
grunts.)
Leonard: Sheldon, don’t make that noise, it’s disrespectful.
Sheldon: I hope so, it was a snort of derision.
Leslie: You agree with me, right, loop quantum gravity is the future of physics.
Leonard: Sorry Leslie, I guess I prefer my space stringy not loopy.
Leslie: Well, I’m glad I found out the truth about you before this went any further.

Leonard: Truth, what truth? We’re talking about untested hypotheses, uh, it’s no big deal.
Leslie: Oh, it isn’t, really? Tell me Leonard, how would we raise the children?
Leonard: I guess we let them wait until they’re old enough and let them choose their own theory.
Leslie: We can’t let them choose, Leonard, they’re children. (Storms off.)
Leonard: Wait, where are you going?
Leslie: I’m sorry, I could have accepted our kids being genetically unable to eat ice-cream or ever get
a good view of a parade, but this? This is a deal breaker. (Leaves.)
Sheldon: Look on the bright side.
Leonard: What’s the bright side?
Sheldon: Only nine more months to comic-con.
Leonard: Oh yeah.
Scene: The Renaissance Fair. The guys are in costume. Sheldon is Spock and has a tri-corder.
Sheldon: Captain, I’m getting an unusual reading.
Leonard: Yeah, that’s great, you guys want corn dogs?
Howard: Yeah.
Sheldon: That’s a temporal anomaly. Corn dogs didn’t come into existence until the first half of the
twentieth century.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 03
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is on the sofa, using his laptop. He is wearing a headset.
Sheldon: Fellow warriors, this is Sheldor the Conqueror. We are about to enter Axel’s fortress. Now
this is a long run, so let’s do another bladder check. Alright Barry, we’ll wait for you again, but you
really should see a doctor. (There is banging at the door.) Sheldor is AFK. (Goes out to find Penny
having trouble getting into her apartment.) Penny, are you experiencing some sort of difficulty?
Penny: Yes, I can’t get my stupid door open.
Sheldon: You appear to have put your car key in the door lock, are you aware of that?
Penny: Yeah!
Sheldon: Alright then. (Turns to return inside. One of the grocery bags Penny is holding falls to the
floor spilling groceries.)
Penny: Dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit, dammit.
Sheldon: Would it be possible for you to do this a little more quietly?
Penny: I can’t get the damned key out.
Sheldon: Well that’s not surprising. That Baldwin lock on your door uses traditional edge mounted
cylinders, whereas the key for your Volkswagon uses a centre cylinder system.
Penny: Thankyou, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. Point of inquiry, why did you put your car key in the door lock?
Penny: Why? I’ll tell you why. Because today I had an audition, it took me two hours to get there, I
waited an hour for my turn, and before I could even start they told me I looked too Midwest for the
part. Too Midwest? What the hell does that even mean?
Sheldon: Well, the American Midwest was mostly settled by Scandinavian and Germanic peoples
who, well they have a characteristic facial bone structure….
Penny: I know what it means, Sheldon! God, you know, I have been in L.A. for almost two years now,
and I haven’t got a single acting job, I have accomplished nothing, haven’t gotten a raise at work,
haven’t even had sex in six months, and just now when I was walking up those stairs a fly flew in my
mouth and I ate it.
Sheldon: Well, actually, insects are a dietary staple in many cultures, they’re almost pure protein.
Penny (picking up the bag she has just repacked, whereupon the bottom falls out and the groceries
fall to the floor again): Oh, sonofabitch!

Sheldon: I believe the condensation on your frozen foods weakened the structural integrity of the bag.
But returning to your key conundrum, perhaps you should call a locksmith and have him open the
door for you.
Penny: I did, and he said he’ll get here when he gets here.
Sheldon: And you’re frustrated because he phrased his reply in the form of a meaningless tautology?
Penny: No! I am frustrated because I am a failure at everything and my breath smells like fly. (Bursts
into tears.)
Sheldon: There there. (Reluctantly) Would you prefer to wait in our apartment?
Penny: No Sheldon, I’d rather sit on this freezing cold floor sobbing like a three year-old.
Sheldon: Alright then. (Turns to go inside again.)
Penny: For God’s sake! (Stomps into apartment.)
Sheldon: Just when I think I’ve gotten the hang of sarcasm.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Inside the apartment.
Sheldon: Make yourself comfortable. (Sits in Sheldon’s place.) Not there. (Sits on other end of sofa.
Puts feet on table. Sheldon looks disapprovingly. Removes feet from table. Sheldon sits and replaces
headset.) Sheldor is back online.
Penny: Sheldor?
Sheldon: The Conqueror.
Penny: What are you doing?
Sheldon: AFK. I’m playing Age of Conan, an online multiplayer game set in the universe of Robert E.
Howard’s Conan the Barbarian.
Penny: Oh.
Sheldon: Sheldor, back online.
Penny: What’s AFK?
Sheldon: AFK. Away from keyboard.
Penny: OIC.
Sheldon: What does that stand for?
Penny: Oh, I see?

Sheldon: Yes, but what does it stand for?
Scene: The stairwell. Leonard arrives and sees the spilled groceries. A cat is lapping at a spilled pot
of ice-cream. Cut to inside. Penny now has the laptop, Sheldon is instructing her.
Sheldon: Now just click on the enchanted boots to put them on.
Penny: Oh, I don’t know. Can I see them in another colour?
Sheldon: Just click on them. Congratulations, you are now a level three warrior.
Leonard: What’s going on?
Penny: Leonard, guess what, I’m a level three warrior.
Leonard: Great, you know there are groceries outside of your apartment?
Penny: Yeah yeah yeah, shhh!
Leonard: I only bring it up because your ice-cream is melting and it’s starting to attract wildlife.
Penny: Uh-huh, yeah, do I stay in the jungle or go towards the beach?
Sheldon: It doesn’t matter, right now you’re looking for treasure.
Penny: Okay. (Leonard motions for Sheldon to talk in the kitchen.) Wait, wait, where are you going?
Sheldon: You’re okay, if you run into crocodiles just kick them with your boots.
Leonard: Want to catch me up?
Sheldon: Well let’s see, uh, she attempted to open her apartment with her car key, because her face is
overly Midwestern, um, she hasn’t had sex in six months, and she ate a fly.
Leonard: Uh-huh. Seriously, six months?
Penny: Oh my God, a treasure chest, I’m rich!
Sheldon: Level three and she thinks she’s rich! What a noob.
Scene: The apartment. Raj is pouring a white liquid into the main dish of a stereo speaker covered in
cling film.
Raj: Okay, we’re all set.
Howard: Let her rip.
(Leonard turns on stereo with a remote. Rhythmic bass-heavy music plays. The liquid begins dancing
on the speaker.)
Penny (entering, carrying a laptop): Hi!

Leonard: Hey, check it out, it’s just corn starch and water.
Sheldon: They make up a non-Newtonian fluid which is liquid, but solid under the percussive action
of the speaker.
Howard: That’s what makes it get all funky.
Penny: Yeah, okay. Listen, I need to talk to Sheldon.
Howard (after Raj whispers in his ear): No, that’s what she said, Sheldon.
Penny: Okay, look, I bought the game, and I’ve been exploring the Island of Tordage but I can’t
figure out how to get past the guard captain.
Sheldon: Do you have the enchanted sword?
Penny: No, no, I’ve a bronze dagger.
Sheldon: You can’t slay the guard captain with a bronze dagger, my Lord it’s like the car key in your
apartment door all over again.
Penny: Alright, alright, how do I get the sword?
Sheldon: Well, have you been to the Temple of Mithra?
Penny: Is that the place on the hill with the weird priests in front of it?
Sheldon: No, no, no, it’s… oh for God’s sakes, gimme. (Takes laptop.)
Penny: Thank you, I really appreciate this.
Sheldon: You’re going to have to learn to do these things for yourself, Penny.
Penny: Don’t patronise me, just get the sword.
Howard: What the frak?
Leonard: Beats me. They were playing all last night too.
Raj: It’s like some kind of weird comic book crossover.
Howard: Like if Hulk were dating Peppermint Patty.
Raj: I always thought Peppermint Patty was a lesbian?
Leonard: No, that’s Marcie. Peppermint Patty’s just athletic.
Sheldon: There you go, one enchanted sword.
Penny: Right, gimme, gimme, gimme, I want to kill the guard captain. (Leaves).

Sheldon: That girl needs to get a life.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. There is a knock on the door. Penny enters.
Penny (whispering): Sheldon. (Sing-song) Shel-don.
Sheldon: Danger, danger.
Penny: No danger, look, it’s just me, Penny, look, I got to level 25 and reached Purple Lotus Swamp,
right?
Sheldon: You’re in my bedroom.
Penny: Yeah. Leonard gave me an emergency key.
Sheldon: People can’t be in my bedroom.
Penny: Okay, well can we go talk in the living room?
Sheldon: I’m not wearing pyjama bottoms.
Penny: Why not?
Sheldon: I spilled grape juice.
Penny: Well, wear different pyjamas.
Sheldon: I can’t wear different pyjamas, these are my Monday pyjamas. Penny, people cannot be in
my bedroom.
Penny: Okay, just tell me, is it too soon to join a quest to the Black Castle?
Sheldon: You were invited on a quest to the Black Castle?
Penny: Yeah, yeah, by some guys in Budapest, I’m just not sure it’s the right move for my character.
Sheldon: Of course it’s not, you’re only a level 25, the Hungarians are just using you for dragon
fodder.
Penny: Really? Boy, you’d think you could trust a horde of Hungarian barbarians.
Cut to Leonard, exiting his bedroom.
Sheldon (off): Please Penny, enough, I have to sleep.
Penny (off): Okay, well you were great, thanks. (Comes out door) Oh, hey Leonard, listen, don’t got
in Sheldon’s room, he’s not wearing bottoms.
Leonard (knocking on door): Sheldon, you want to catch me up again?
Scene: Dr Gablehauser’s office. Sheldon and Leslie are standing across the desk.

Gablehauser: People, I am very busy today.
Sheldon: I realise that Dr Gablehauser but it is your job, as head of the department, to mediate all
inter-departmental disputes. University policy manual chapter four, subsection two, mediation of
inter-departmental disputes.
Gablehauser: Fine. Dr Winkle, what colourful name did you call Dr Cooper this time?
Leslie: Dr Dumbass.
Gablehauser: Dr Cooper, Dr Winkle apologises.
Sheldon: No she doesn’t.
Leslie: No I don’t.
Sheldon: Here’s the problem. I was clearly signed up to use the mainframe in Buckman 204, and Dr
Winkle just wantonly ripped the sign-up sheet off the wall.
Leslie: It wasn’t even an official sign-up sheet. He printed it himself and he put his name down in
every slot for the next six months.
Sheldon: If it is a crime to ensure that the universities resources are not being squandered chasing subatomic wild geese then I plead guilty. (His phone rings.) Oh, Penny!
Gablehauser: You need to get that Dr Cooper?
Sheldon: God, no.
Leslie: Well don’t turn it off, you might miss your call from the Nobel committee letting you know
you’ve been nominated as dumbass laureate of the year.
Sheldon: Oh yeah, well, you wouldn’t even be nominated. Dr Gablehauser, I have a series of
important multi-bit calculations and simulations to run. All she’s doing is reducing irrelevant data and
making a mock…
Gablehauser (as phone rings): Excuse me. Gablehauser. (Holding phone out to Sheldon) It’s for you.
Sheldon: Hello. Penny, this is not a good time. No, I told you, you’re not prepared for the Sanctum of
Burning Souls. You need to be in a group of at least five for that quest, and one should be a level 35
healer. Penny, I can’t log on and help you. We’ll talk when I get home. (Puts phone down) I’m not
getting the computing time, am I?
Leslie: Dumbass.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon enters.
Sheldon: Leonard, you have to do something about Penny. She is interfering with my sleep, she’s
interfering with my work, and if I had another significant aspect of my life, I’m sure she’d be
interfering with that too.
Leonard: Why should I do something, you’re the one who introduced her to online gaming.

Sheldon: Well, yes, but you’re the one who said hello to her when she moved in. If you’d simply
restrained yourself none of this would be happening.
Leonard: Why don’t you just tell her to leave you alone.
Sheldon: I did. I told her, I texted her, I sent out a very emphatic twitter. I even changed my facebook
status to Sheldon Cooper wishes Penny would leave him alone. I don’t know what else to do.
Leonard: Well, what am I supposed to do?
Sheldon: I don’t know, but if you don’t figure something out, I warn you I shall become very difficult
to live with.
Leonard: You mean, up until now we’ve been experiencing the happy funtime Sheldon?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: I’ll go talk to her.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. She is on her laptop and talking into a headset.
Penny: No, Fritz, I need you on my flank. No, I don’t know German. Flankenzie, flankenzie!
Leonard (knocking and entering): Hey Penny.
Penny: Busy.
Leonard: Yeah, I see that. Shouldn’t you be at work?
Penny: I don’t work on Mondays.
Leonard: It’s Thursday. Listen, Penny.
Penny: Uh, Queen Penelope AFK. What?
Leonard: Okay, um, here’s the thing, um, sometimes people, good people, you know, they start
playing these games and they find themselves through no fault of their own, you know, kind of,
addicted.
Penny: Yeah, get to the point, I’m about to level up here.
Leonard: Well, i-i-i-it’s just if a person doesn’t have a sense of achievement in their real life it’s easy
to lose themselves in a virtual world where they get a false sense of accomplishment.
Penny: Yeah, jabber jabber jabber, okay boys, Queen Penelope’s back online.
Leonard: Penny, you’ve got cheetos in your hair.
Penny (pulling cheeto out of hair): Oh, thanks. (Eats it.)
Leonard: Wow.

Scene: Same – later. Penny is attacking a multi-headed monster with a sword on the screen.A
muscular warrior in a cape walks onto the screen.
Warrior: Hey Penny, it’s me again, Leonard.
Penny- warrior: Leonard, I said not now.
Leonard-warrior: Yeah, I know, I’m just a little concerned about you.
Penny-warrior: I said not now. (Chops off his head.)
Leonard-warrior’s head: Okay, maybe later.
Scene: The university lunch room.
Raj: Hey guys.
Leonard and Howard: Hey.
Raj (indicating Sheldon): Hey, what’s with him?
Leonard: Penny’s been keeping him up at night.
Howard: Me too. But probably in a different way.
Leonard: She’s gotten really hooked on Age of Conan, she’s playing non-stop.
Raj: Ah, yes, online gaming addiction. There’s nothing worse than having that multi-player monkey
on your back.
Leonard: Sheldon, wake up.
Sheldon: Danger, danger.
Leslie (arriving): Afternoon men. Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh yeah, well your attempt at juvenilizing me by excluding me from the set of adult
males…. oh, I’m too tired to do this.
Leslie: Right, I heard you’ve been pulling all nighters with middle-earth Barbie.
Sheldon: She comes into my room. No-one’s supposed to be in my room.
Leslie: Well, I would postulate that she’s escaping into the online world to compensate for her sexual
frustration.
Howard: I do that too. But probably in a different way.
Leonard: That’s not what she’s doing, Leslie, she’s just trying to shore up her self esteem, it has
nothing to do with sex.

Leslie: Everything has to do with sex.
Howard: Mmmm, testify. (Puts up hand for a handslap.)
Leslie: I’m not touching that.
Leonard: Leslie, you are way off base here.
Sheldon: Hang on, Leonard, while I have no respect for Leslie as a scientist, or a human being for that
matter, we have to concede her undeniable expertise in the interrelated fields of promiscuity and
general sluttiness.
Leslie: Thank you. My point is that Tinkerbell just needs to get her some.
Sheldon: Some what? Oh, yes, some sexual intercourse.
Howard: I’ll take the bullet.
Leonard: Excuse me, this whole idea is insane.
Sheldon: Yeah, yeah, enough debate, I’m going to take action. (Leans over to a good looking man on
a nearby table.) Excuse me, are you currently involved in a sexual relationship?
Man: No.
Sheldon: Would you like to be?
Man: Uh, sure, why not?
Leonard: Sheldon…
Sheldon: Zip it pip it. Can I have your phone number?
Man: Uh… (checks out Sheldon’s package) Yeah, yeah. (Pulls out pen and writes it on Sheldon’s
hand.)
Sheldon: There, problem solved.
Leslie: Dumbass.
Scene: Penny’s flat. Penny is on her laptop. Everything around her is littered with empty food
packaging and red bull cans. She burps loudly. Sheldon is sitting on the sofa.
Penny: Okay, I’m at the gate to the Treasury of the Ancients, I’m going in.
Sheldon: Stay close to the wall. Avoid the mummies.
Penny: Got it.
Sheldon: I must say, you’re playing very well for a woman of 23?

Penny: 22.
Sheldon: Right. 22. (Cut to his screen, he is filling in an online dating profile.)
Penny: Oh, here come the mummies, which spell do I use? The hateful strike, or the frenzy stance?
Sheldon: What happened to the rest of your group?
Penny: I dumped them, they’re a bunch of wussies.
Sheldon: Frenzy stance.
Penny: Frenzy, frenzy, frenzy, frenzy, frenzy!
Sheldon: So listen, would you describe your ideal vacation as a wild adventure to unknown lands, or
staying at home curled up with a good book?
Penny: What?
Sheldon: These are market research questions. I’m filling out the online registration for your game.
Penny: Oh, okay, wild adventure. Oh, frenzy stance isn’t working, die you undead mummy, die!
Sheldon: Drink a healing potion.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: You’re welcome. Anyhow, on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being always initiated by him, and 5
being always initiated by you, how do you prefer your sexual encounters to begin?
Penny: That’s on the registration?
Sheldon: Oh yes, it’s quite extensive. But if we complete it, we get a free expansion pack, 75
additional quests.
Penny: Ooh, awesome, okay, I totally like to initiate I’m a big old five.
Sheldon: Good to know. Big old five.
Scene: The apartment. Leonard enters. There is a strange man sitting on the sofa.
Leonard: Hello.
Man: Hi.
Sheldon: Leonard, this is Tom.
Leonard: Hi Tom. Sheldon? Didn’t I explain to you about your little mistake in the cafeteria?
Sheldon: Yes, you were very clear, as was everyone else at the table. Tom, however, has been chosen
by science as a suitable mate for Penny.

Leonard: Chosen by science?
Sheldon: Well, what passes for science on dating sites. They claim to use heuristic algorithms, but it
may well be hokum.
Leonard: You got Penny to sign up for online dating?
Sheldon: No, of course not. No, I used trickery and deceit.
Leonard: This is bad.
Sheldon: Tom is a paramedic with the fire department, but he’s going to med school at night, uh, he
likes the outdoors, and, uh, strong women who initiate sex.
Leonard: Really, really bad.
Sheldon: I’m surprised you struck out with Penny. Apparently she’s a big old five.
Penny (entering, looking ratty in baggy clothes and with her hair unwashed): Sheldon, what do you
want.
Sheldon: Oh, good, you got my note. Penny, I’d like you to meet Tom, uh, Penny, this is Tom, Tom,
may I present Penny.
Tom: Hi Penny.
Penny: Yeah, Hi, listen, as long as I’m here, I’m on a quest with a bunch of noobs, they don’t know
what they’re doing, we’ve got one assassin, three spellcasters and no tank.
Sheldon: Can we talk about this later.
Penny: No, no, no, no, I need you now.
Sheldon: But wouldn’t you prefer to socialise with Tom, who is a sexually passive outdoorsman.
Penny: Whatever, I’ll figure it out myself.
Tom: Bye, Penny. I’m sorry, dude, she didn’t look anything like her picture.
Leonard: They never do.
Scene: Inside the game. Penny-warrior is standing next to a battle horse.
Warrior: Hello, fair Penny.
Penny-warrior: Who are you?
Warrior: It is I, Sir Howard of Wolowitz. Can I interest you in an afternoon of spirited questing,
followed by a flagon of ale at yon virtual tavern?
Penny-warrior: Yeah, sure, why not?

Penny: Oh my God, I need help. (Closes laptop and throws it away.)

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 04
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is sorting out Chinese food.
Leonard: Let’s see, Raj was the Kung Palo Chicken.
Penny: I’m the dumplings.
Howard: Yes, you are.
Penny: Creepy, Howard.
Howard: Creepy good or creepy bad?
Leonard: Who was the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce?
Howard: That would be me. Come to Poppa, you un-kosher delight. (To Penny) I’m not necessarily
talking to the food.
Penny: Sit over there.
Sheldon (entering, to Penny who is in his spot): Sit over there. Baby wipe?
Penny: What do you have….
Leonard and Howard together: Don’t! Don’t! Don’t!
Sheldon: I’ll tell you why.
Leonard and Howard: O-o-o-oh!
Sheldon: I had to sanitize my hands because the university replaced the paper towels in the rest rooms
with hot air blowers.
Penny: I thought the blowers were more sanitary?
Leonard and Howard: Why? Don’t!
Sheldon: Hot air blowers are incubators and spewers of bacteria and pestilence. Frankly it would be
more hygienic if they just had a plague infested gibbon sneeze my hands dry.
Raj (entering excitedly): Hey guys, I just got the most amazing new… (spots Penny) ew-ew-ew
Penny: Gosh, Raj, do you think you’ll ever be able to talk in front of me without being drunk? (Shakes
head.) Okay, well, I’ll just, um, go eat by myself.
Leonard: Penny, you don’t have to do that.

Penny: No, it’s okay, between (indicates Raj) him not talking, (indicates Sheldon) him talking and…
(indicates Howard) him, I’m better off alone, so, (to Raj) goodbye you poor strange little man (gives
him a kiss and exits.)
Raj: She’s so considerate.
Howard: So what’s your news?
Raj: Remember that little planetary object I spotted beyond the Kuiper belt?
Leonard: Oh yeah, two zero zero eight NQ sub seventeen.
Raj: Or as I called it, Planet Bollywood. Anyway, because of my discovery, People magazine is
naming me one of their thirty under-30 to watch.
Leonard and Howard together: Well, wow, that’s incredible.
Sheldon: Excuse me. Thirty what, under thirty what, to watch what?
Raj: Thirty visionaries under thirty years of age to watch as they challenge the preconceptions of their
fields.
Sheldon: If I had a million guesses I never would have gotten that.
Raj: It’s pretty cool, they’ve got me in with a guy who’s doing something about hunger in Indonesia,
and a psychotherapist who’s using dolphins to rehabilitate prisoners, and Ellen Page, star of the
charming independent film Juno.
Howard: Oh, I’d so do her.
Leonard: You’d do the dolphins.
Howard: Do I get an honourable mention for designing the telescope camera mounting bracket you
used.
Raj: Sorry, it’s not part of my heartwarming and personal narrative, in which a humble boy from New
Delhi overcame poverty and prejudice and journeyed to America to reach for the stars.
Howard: Poverty? Your father’s a gynaecologist, he drives a Bentley.
Raj: It’s a lease.
Sheldon: I’m confused. Was there some sort of peer review committee to determine which scientists
would be included?
Raj: Peer review? It’s People magazine. People picked me.
Sheldon: What people?
Raj: The people from People.

Sheldon: Yeah, but exactly who are these people? What are their credentials, how are they qualified,
what makes accidentally noticing a hunk of rock that’s been traipsing around the solar system for
billions of years more noteworthy than any other scientific accomplishment made by someone under
thirty?
Raj: Boy, I bet Ellen Pages friends aren’t giving her this kind of crap.
Leonard: Are you proud of yourself?
Sheldon: In general, yes.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldon’s office. He is making annotations on his board.
Sheldon: Oh, there’s my missing neutrino. You were hiding from me as an unbalanced charge,
weren’t you, you little subatomic Dickens?
Leonard (entering with Howard): Hi Sheldon.
Sheldon: Here, look, look, I found my missing neutrino.
Howard: Oh, good, we can take it off the milk cartons.
Leonard: Well, we’re going to go apologise to Raj and invite him out to dinner.
Sheldon: Apologise, for what?
Leonard: Well, he came over last night with some pretty good news, and we weren’t very supportive.
Sheldon: I sense you’re trying to tell me something.
Howard: You were a colossal ass-hat.
Sheldon: Oh! No, I beg to differ. Of the three of us, I was by far the most supportive.
Leonard: Really, do tell.
Sheldon: How will Raj ever reach true greatness if his friends lower the bar for him? When I was
eleven, my sister bought our father a “world’s greatest dad” coffee mug, and frankly the man coasted
until the day he died.
Leonard: Okay, let’s try it this way, what if the People magazine thing is the best Raj is ever going to
achieve?
Sheldon: I had not considered that.
Leonard: Come on.
Sheldon: I often forget other people have limitations. It’s so sad.

Howard: He can feel sadness?
Leonard: Not really, it’s what you and I would call condescension.
Scene: Outside Raj’s office.
Leonard: And when we go in there, let’s show Raj that we’re happy for him.
Sheldon: But I’m not.
Howard: Well then fake it. Look at me, I could be grinding on the fact that without my stabilizing
telescope mount he never would have found that stupid little clump of cosmic schmutz, but I’m bigger
than that.
Sheldon: Fine, what do you want me to do?
Leonard: Smile. (He does, exaggeratedly.)
Howard: Oh crap, that’s terrifying.
Leonard: We’re here to see Koothrappali, not kill Batman.
Howard: Try less teeth. (Does. It isn’t much better.)
Leonard: Close enough, come on. (Knocking and entering.) Hi Raj.
Raj: Hey guys, what’s up?
Howard: We just wanted to invite you out to dinner tonight.
Leonard: Celebrate your thirty under thirty thing. Right Sheldon? (He smiles.)
Raj: It’s very nice of you, I would like that.
Gablehauser (entering): Hello boys.
Raj: Dr Gablehouser.
Gablehauser: Dr Koothrappali.
Leonard: Dr Gablehauser.
Gablehauser: Dr Hoffstadter.
Sheldon: Dr Gablehauser.
Gablehauser: Dr Cooper.
Howard: Dr Gablehauser.
Gablehauser: Mister Wolowitz. Boys, I’ve got a question for you. Who in this room discovered a star?

Raj: Actually, 2008 NQ sub 17 is a planetary body.
Gablehauser: I’m not talking about you, I’m talking about me. You, my exotic young friend are my
star.
Sheldon: Well, you didn’t discover him, you merely noticed he was here, much like he did with 2008
NQ sub 17.
Leonard: Sheldon!
Sheldon: Oh, sorry. (Smiles)
Gablehauser: Well, we’ve got to get you into a better office, something more suited to your status.
Raj: Really, you don’t have to go to any trouble.
Gablehauser: How about if I put you in Von Gerlick’s old office?
Raj: I’d rather have Fishbine’s, it’s bigger.
Gablehauser: Done.
Howard: Wait a minute, I called dibs on Fishbine’s office the day he started showing up at work in his
bathrobe.
Sheldon: He gets a new office, I can’t even get paper towels in the men’s room?
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Damn, this is hard. (Smiles)
Gablehauser: Let me ask you something, what do you think the business of this place is?
Leonard (after he, Sheldon and Howard whisper to each other): Science?
Gablehauser: Money.
Howard: Told you.
Gablehauser: And this boy’s picture in People magazine is going to raise us a pile of money taller
than… well, taller than you (ruffling Howard’s hair.)
Howard: I have a master’s degree.
Gablehauser: Who doesn’t? Dr Koothrappali, have you ever had lunch in the President’s dining room?
Raj: I didn’t even know there was a President’s dining room.
Gablehauser: It’s the same food as the Cafeteria, only fresh. Come on little buddy.
Raj: Okay, big buddy. See you tonight guys. (They leave.)

Leonard: You can stop smiling now.
Sheldon: Aaaah!
Scene: A restaurant.
Raj: So anyway, after a fantastic lunch I was whisked off to the People magazine photo shoot… have
any of you boys ever been to a photo shoot?
Leonard: No.
Raj: It’s fantastic, apparently the camera loves me and I it. They shot me in front of a starry
background where I posed like this. (Stares into space.) They’re going to digitally add a supernova,
they say it’s the perfect metaphor for my incandescent talent.
Sheldon: Right, a ball of hot flaming gas that collapses in on itself. (Leonard nudges him. He smiles.
Phone rings.)
Raj: Excuse me. Oh, it’s my assistant Trevor. Go for Koothrappali. Uh-huh.
Howard: They gave him an assistant? If I want a new pen I have to go to the bank with wire cutters.
Sheldon (still smiling): Have we at this point met our social obligations?
Leonard: Not yet.
Raj: Okay, just put it on my calendar but start thinking of a reason why I can’t go, alrighty?
Koothrappali out. God bless that boy, I don’t know what I’d do without him.
Leonard: You just got him this afternoon.
Raj: Yes, but I’m finding that having a lackey suits me.
Leonard: A lackey?
Raj: Oh, I’m sorry, is that politically incorrect? In India we just call them untouchables.
Sheldon: Now?
Leonard: Almost.
Raj: Speaking of untouchables, I’ve got great news for you guys. People magazine is having a
reception this Saturday, and I managed to get you invited.
Howard: Oh, gee, thanks.
Raj: Oh, you’re welcome. Of course, I couldn’t get you into the VIP section, because, you know,
that’s for VIPs, and you guys are just, you know, Ps.

Sheldon: There’s a tribe in Papua New Guinea where, when a hunter flaunts his success to the rest of
the village they kill him, and drive away evil spirits with a drum made of his skin. Superstitious
nonsense of course, but one can see their point. (Smiles)
Penny (bringing another grasshopper): Here you go, Raj, you might want to drink this one slowly.
Raj: Okay, so, Saturday night, can I count on my posse?
Howard: Gee, I’d love to Raj, but I can’t make it.
Raj: Oh, okay, Leonard?
Leonard: Well, uh, no I… the… no.
Raj: Sheldon?
Sheldon: I can make it, but I won’t.
Penny: What are you guys talking about?
Raj: Well, there’s a reception for my magazine article on Saturday.
Penny: And you guys aren’t going? I can’t believe you, Raj is celebrating a tremendous
accomplishment and you’re not even going to be there to support him?
Sheldon: A tremendous accomplishment would be if the planetary body he discovered were
plummeting toward Earth and he exploded it with his mind.
Howard: That would be cool. I’d go to that reception.
Penny: Come on, this is huge, Raj is going to be in People magazine. And he didn’t even have to
knock up one of the Spears sisters.
Raj: Would you like to go with me?
Penny: Of course I would, I would be honoured.
Raj: Really? Cool.
Penny: Shame on you guys. (Leaves)
Raj: Look at that. I got a date with Penny. I can’t believe it took you a whole year.
Sheldon: Now?
Leonard: Now. (They all get up and leave. Raj looks around himself, then leans over to the next table.)
Raj: Hey, buddy. I’m going to be in people magazine.
Charlie Sheen (turning round): Yeah, call me when you’re on the cover.

Scene: Outside Penny’s door. Raj in a suit knocks on the door with his foot as he has a glass of
champagne in both hands. He drinks one. Penny opens door, she is dressed up also.
Penny: Oh, Raj, look at you!
Raj: I know, I am resplendent like the noonday sun, am I not?
Penny: Um, yeah, starting with the champagne a little early aren’t you?
Raj: It was in the limo. They sent a limo. I have a limo. I just love saying limo. Here, sip on this while
you’re getting ready.
Penny: Oh, I’m ready.
Raj: That’s what you’re wearing.
Penny: Um, yeah, why what’s wrong with it?
Raj: Nothing, I was just hoping for something a little more, you know, redonkulous.
Penny: Yeah, well, this is all the donkulous you’re gonna get.
Raj: Okey dokey, let’s roll. Alright, it’s time to raise the roof. Oo-ooh, oo-ooh.
Penny (to Leonard who is just coming up the stairs): Hey Leonard.
Leonard: Hey.
Raj: Dude.
Leonard: You look very nice.
Raj and Penny together: Thank you.
Penny: Uh, come on, good night Leonard.
Leonard: Good night.
Raj: Hey, Leonard, did you see my limo downstairs.
Leonard: Yeah.
Raj: It’s bigger than the house my grandfather grew up in.
Leonard: Terrific.
Raj: It has more food too.
Penny: Alright, come on, come on.
Raj (leaving, singing): I’m coming up so you better get this party started.

Leonard (entering apartment): Hey.
Howard: Hey, good news, you don’t have to sulk about Penny any more, look, there are hundreds of
Croatian women just waiting for you to contact them.
Leonard: Anythingforagreencard.com?
Howard: I’ll lend you my user name, it’s wealthybigpenis.
Leonard: You’re joking.
Howard: Well, you gotta make it easy for them, they’re just learning English.
Leonard: Pass.
Howard: So you’re just going to sit around here and mope while Penny is out with Doctor Apu from
the Kwik-e-Mart?
Leonard: It’s not a date, and that’s racist.
Howard: It can’t be racist, he’s a beloved character on the Simpsons.
Leonard: Let’s just eat so I can get to bed. With any luck tonight will be the night my sleep apnoea
kills me.
Sheldon: Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced not shredded?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Even though the menu description specifies shredded?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Brown rice, not white?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Did you stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard.
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Did you pick up the low sodium soy sauce from the market?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Leonard: You’re welcome.
Sheldon: What took you so long?

Leonard: Just sit down and eat.
Sheldon: Fine. (Opens carton. Shows it to Leonard in disgust.)
Leonard: Alright, it’s shredded, what do you want me to do?
Sheldon: I want you to check before you accept the order.
Leonard: Sorry.
Sheldon: Were you distracted by the possibility that Koothrappali might have intercourse with Penny
tonight?
Leonard: He’s not going to have intercourse with Penny.
Sheldon: Then there’s no excuse for this chicken. You know, this situation with Koothrapali brings to
mind a story from my childhood.
Howard: Oh goody, more tales from the panhandle.
Sheldon: That’s Northwest Texas, I’m from East Texas, the Gulf region, home to many Vietnamese
shrimpers.
Leonard: Do the shrimpers feature in your story?
Sheldon: No. Anyway, when I was eight, a Montgomery-Ward delivery van ran over our cat, Lucky.
Howard: Lucky?
Sheldon: Yes, Lucky.
Leonard: He’s irony impaired, just move on.
Howard: Okay, dead cat named Lucky, continue.
Sheldon: While others mourned Lucky, I realised his untimely demise provided me with the
opportunity to replace him with something more suited to my pet needs. A faithful companion that I
could snuggle with at night, and yet would be capable of killing upon telepathic command.
Howard: So, not a puppy?
Sheldon: Please, no, nothing so pedestrian. I wanted a griffin.
Leonard: A griffin?
Sheldon: Yes, half eagle, half lion.
Leonard: And mythological.

Sheldon: Irrelevant. See, I was studying recombinant DNA technology and I was confident I could
create one, but my parents were unwilling to secure the necessary eagle eggs and lion semen. Course
my sister got swimming lessons when she wanted them.
Howard: Sheldon, not that we don’t all enjoy a good lion semen story, what’s your point.
Sheldon: My point is, if Koothrappali is moving on to a new life of shallow, undeserved fame,
perhaps this is an opportunity to create a better cohort.
Leonard: You want to breed a new friend?
Sheldon: That’s one option, but who has the time? But consider this, the Japanese, they’re doing some
wonderful work with artificial intelligence, now, you combine that with some animatronics from the
imagineers over at Disney, next thing you know, we’re playing Halo with a multi-lingual Abraham
Lincoln.
Howard: Sheldon, don’t take this the wrong way, but, you’re insane.
Leonard: That may well be, but the fact is, it wouldn’t kill us to meet some new people.
Sheldon: Uh, for the record, it could kill us to meet new people. They could be murderers, or the
carriers of unusual pathogens, and I’m not insane, my mother had me tested.
Leonard: If we do get a new friend, he should be a guy you can trust. A guy who has your back.
Howard: And he should have a lot of money, and live in a cool place down by the beach where we
could throw parties.
Sheldon: He should share our love of technology.
Howard: And he should know a lot of women.
Leonard: Yeah, let’s see, money, women, technology, okay we’re agreed, our new friend is going to
be Iron Man.
Scene: Raj’s apartment. Raj is heard singing in a drunk voice through the door. He enters with his
arm around Penny.
Raj: Welcome to the Raj Mahal.
Penny: Yes, it’s very nice, goodnight Raj.
Raj: No, wait, the evening’s not over.
Penny: Yes it is.
Raj: No, it’s time to put on some R. Kelly and suck face.
Penny: Oh, wow, is the evening over.
Raj (as a ringing noise is heard): Wait, wait, that’s my mummy and daddy calling from India. I want
you to meet my parents.

Penny: Wait, meet them.
Raj (inhales deeply, picks up laptop, presses a button. His mother and father appear on the screen):
Hello mummy and daddy, good to see you. I’m not drunk.
Mrs Koothrappali: Why would you say that?
Raj: Just making conversation. Mummy, daddy, I want you to meet my new squeeze, Penny.
Penny: I am not your squeeze. There is no squeezing.
Dr Koothrappali: I can’t see her, centre her in the frame.
Raj: Here you go, cute huh?
Mrs Koothrappali: She’s not Indian.
Dr Koothrappali: So, she’s not Indian, the boy’s just sowing some wild oats.
Penny: No, no, there’s no sowing, no squeezing, and no sucking face.
Mrs Koothrappali: What if he gets her pregnant. Is this little hotsy-totsy who you want as the mother
of your grandchildren.
Raj: What right do you have to pick who I can have children with?
Dr Koothrappali: Look, Rajesh, I understand, you’re in America, you want to try the local cuisine. But
trust me, you don’t want it for a steady diet.
Raj: Now you listen to me, I am no longer a child, and I will not be spoken to like one. Now if you’d
excuse me, I have to go throw up.
Mrs Koothrappali: What’s wrong with him?
Penny: I don’t know, maybe it’s the local cuisine. Okay, well, it’s nice to meet you, just gonna set you
on down over here, and I’m going to leave so, Namaste. (Leaves, then almost immediately returns)
And FYI, you’d be lucky to have me as a daughter-in-law.
Dr Koothrappali: She’s feisty. I like that.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. She is in her bathrobe. A note slides under the door.
Penny (opening door to find Raj outside): Raj, what are you doing. (He hands her the note). No. No
notes. If you have something to say to me, say it.
Raj (tries several times. Finally, in a high pitched squeak): Sorry.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, it’s okay. (She hugs him. As she does, Leonard exits his apartment to see Penny,
in bathrobe, hugging Raj who is apparently about to leave. As she goes back inside, Raj turns, smiles,
and puts both thumbs up. Leonard turns, with an upset look, to Sheldon who is standing behind him.
Sheldon gives him his exaggerated smile.)

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 05
Scene: The apartment. Leonard enters, drops his keys in the bowl by the door, then collapses onto the
settee. Sheldon enters from the bedroom area.
Sheldon: Good morning, Leonard.
Leonard: Uh-huh.
Sheldon: Yeah, we’re going to have to stop by Pottery Barn on the way to work, I bought these Star
Wars sheets but they turned out to be much too stimulating to be compatible with a good night’s sleep.
I don’t like the way Darth Vader stares at me.
Leonard: I’m not going to work.
Sheldon: Oh, just because your career’s been stagnant for a few years, that’s no reason to give up.
Leonard: Sheldon, I was up all night using the new free-electron laser for my X-ray diffraction
experiment.
Sheldon: Did the laser accidentally burn out your retinas?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Then you can drive. Let’s go.
Leonard: Didn’t I tell you I’d be working nights, and that you’d have to make other arrangements.
Sheldon: You did.
Leonard: And?
Sheldon: I didn’t. Let’s go.
Leonard: Goodnight, Sheldon.
Sheldon: But how am I going to get to work?
Leonard: Take the bus.
Sheldon: I can’t take the bus any more. They don’t have seatbelts. And they won’t let you lash
yourself to the seat with bungee cords.
Leonard: You tried to lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords?
Sheldon: I didn’t try, I succeeded. For some reason it alarmed the other passengers and I was asked to
de-bus.

Leonard: Oh, you’re a big boy, you’ll figure it out.
Sheldon: Don’t talk to me like I’m a child. Now, take me to return my star wars sheets!
Scene: Outside Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny…
Penny (opening door): Sheldon, what is it?
Sheldon: Leonard’s asleep.
Penny: Thanks for the update (begins to close door.)
Sheldon: No, wait. You have to drive me to work.
Penny: Yeah, uh, I really don’t think I do.
Sheldon: But I don’t drive, and I can’t take the bus.
Penny: Yeah, honey, you’ll be fine as long as you don’t do that bungee cord thing, okay?
Sheldon: Penny. Didn’t you recently state that you and I are friends?
Penny: Yes, Sheldon, we are friends.
Sheldon: Then I hereby invoke what I’m given to understand is an integral part of the implied
covenant of friendship. The favour.
Penny: Oh, dear God.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I was interrupting your morning prayers. When you’re done, we’ll
go.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Inside Penny’s car.
Sheldon: Thank you for driving me to work.
Penny: You know this is my day off, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, good. I’m not keeping you from anything. Your check engine light is on.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Sheldon: Typically that’s an indicator. To, you know, check your engine.
Penny: It’s fine, it’s been on for, like, a month.
Sheldon: Well, actually, that would be all the more reason to, you know, check your engine.

Penny: Sheldon, it’s fine.
Sheldon: If it were fine, the light wouldn’t be on. That’s why the manufacturer installed that light, to
let you know it’s not fine.
Penny: Uh, maybe the light’s broken.
Sheldon: Is there a “check the check engine light light”? (Penny takes a drink of coffee) O-o-o-oh!
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Studies have shown that performing tasks such as eating, talking on a cell phone or drinking
coffee while driving reduces one’s reaction time by the same factor as an ounce of alcohol.
Penny: Do you have any alcohol?
Sheldon: Of course not.
Penny: Too bad.
Sheldon: You’re going up Euclid Avenue?
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Sheldon: Leonard takes Los Robles Avenue.
Penny: Well, good for Leonard.
Sheldon: Euclid Avenue is shorter as the crow flies, but it has speed bumps, which appreciably
increase point-to-point drive time, making it the less efficient choice. But you have the conn. Of
course, if you’re not going to slow down for the speed bumps, I withdraw my previous objection.
Here’s a fun question. Do you know what the most common street name is?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: The answer’s tricky. It’s Second Street. You see, you’d think it would be First Street, but in
most towns, First Street eventually gets renamed to something else, you know, like Main Street,
Broad Street, Michigan Avenue. Leonard and I often use our commute time to exercise our
minds with brain-teasers like that. We also play games. Would you like to play one?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Oh, come on, it’s fun. Ooh! Another bump. Okay. I’ll say an element, and uh, you say an
element whose name starts with the last letter of the one I said, okay? I’ll start. Helium. Now, you
could say Mercury. That would give me a Y. Ooh. Very clever, that’s a tough one. So I go Ytterbium,
which gets you back to M. So you go Molybdenum, and I say Magnesium, you say Manganese,
and I say Europium, and, and you’re left with Mendelevium, and there are no more M’s because I
believe that Meitnerium should still be called Ekairidium, so congratulations, you win. Do you wanna
go again?
Penny: How about we just have a little quiet time now?

Sheldon: All right. Hmm, huh, I’m sorry, I’m finding your reckless nonchalance regarding the checkengine light to be very troubling.
Penny (Pulling over): Get out.
Sheldon: Well, I have to tell you that while I do have a theoretical understanding of the workings of
an internal combustion engine, I’m not sure I’m capable of performing diagnostics.
Penny: I said, get out.
Sheldon: Okay. I’ll give it a shot. (Gets out. Penny drives away.)
Scene: The university cafeteria. Sheldon enters.
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard, there you are, I’m ready to go home.
Leonard: I just got here.
Sheldon: Good, perfect timing.
Leonard: Sheldon, I told you, I only have access to the free-electron laser at night. I can’t drive you
for the next few weeks.
Sheldon: No, you said you couldn’t drive me to work, this is from work.
Leonard: Howard, help me out here.
Howard: No, just for the fun of it, I’m gonna take his side.
Sheldon: Now, how do you propose I get home?
Leonard: How did you get here in the first place?
Sheldon: Penny. But I sense that’s no longer an option.
Leonard: Look, I need to get to the laser lab, you’re just going to have to find someone else to take
you home.
Howard: Oh damn, I picked the wrong side.
Scene: Howard’s motor scooter. Howard is driving, Sheldon is on the back clutching him for dear life
and screaming.
Sheldon: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Oh God, not Euclid Avenue! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Scene: Raj’s car.
Raj: Why did Howard leave you in the middle of the road anyway?
Sheldon: We had a difference of opinion.

Raj: Over what?
Sheldon: Whether or not he was trying to kill me. For the record, I maintain he was. Where are you
going?
Raj: I’m taking you home.
Sheldon: Oh, but I’m not going home. It’s Wednesday, Wednesday is new comic book day, we have
to go to the comic book store. And then we have to stop at Soup Plantation, it’s creamy tomato soup
day, and Radio Shack, there’s a sale on triple-a batteries. Plus, we have to go to Pottery Barn and
return my Star Wars sheets.
Raj: I have a better idea.
Sheldon: You want to go to pottery barn first?
Scene: Penny’s apartment, she opens the door, Sheldon is stood outside with his Star Wars sheets.
Sheldon: Can you drive me to Pottery Barn? (She closes the door) Maybe if I turn off the night-light, I
can keep the sheets.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon enters from the bedroom area. Everyone else is present.
Sheldon: Good morning.
All: Good morning.
Leonard: Sheldon, sit down.
Sheldon: She’s in my spot. Don’t look at me like that, everybody knows that my spot.
Penny: Sheldon, you know that we care about you.
Howard: And it’s because we care about you that we’ve decided we have to speak up.
Penny: You’re hurting the people around you, sweetie.
Leonard: So we made you an appointment, and we want you to keep it.
Sheldon: Department of motor vehicles new driver handbook? But I don’t have a problem.
Leonard: Sheldon, you need to learn how to drive.
Howard: This madness has to stop.
Leonard: Penny’s taking you to the DMV, I’m going to bed.
Sheldon: Why Penny?
Leonard: Because rock breaks scissors, goodnight.

Penny: All right, come on Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hold on, I have one condition.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: We have to stop at Pottery Barn.
Penny: Okay.
Sheldon: And Radio Shack.
Penny: Fine.
Sheldon: And the comic book store.
Penny: All right! (They leave.)
Howard: Ooh, I want to go to the comic book store. (He leaves.)
Raj: I like comic books.
Scene: The DMV.
Sheldon: I just don’t see why I need a driver’s license, Albert Einstein never had a driver’s license.
Howard: Yeah, but Albert Einstein didn’t make me wet myself at 40 miles an hour.
Penny: Yeah, and I never wanted to kick Albert Einstein in the nuts. You know, I gotta ask, why
didn’t you just get a license at 16 like everybody else?
Sheldon: I was otherwise engaged.
Penny: Doing what?
Sheldon: Examining perturbative amplitudes in n=4 supersymmetric theories leading to a reexamination of the ultraviolet properties of multi-loop n=8 supergravity using modern twistor theory.
Penny: Well, how ’bout when you were 17?
DMV Lady (to the person ahead of Sheldon in the queue): Take this to the testing area, put your name
at the top, sign the bottom, answer the questions, bring it back, next! (Sheldon moves forward)
Application?
Sheldon: I’m actually more of a theorist.
Howard: The application in your hand, give it to her.
Sheldon: Oh.

DMV Lady: Take this to the testing area, put your name at the top, sign the bottom, answer the
questions, bring it back, next!
Sheldon: Excuse me, but I have some concerns about these questions.
DMV Lady: Look at that sign up there.
Sheldon: Yes?
DMV Lady: Does it say I give a damn?
Sheldon: No.
DMV Lady: That’s because I don’t.
Sheldon: Just, look, see, this first question makes no sense, how many car lengths should you leave in
front of you when driving? There’s no possible way to answer that, a car length is not a standardized
unit of measure.
DMV Lady: Look at the sign.
Penny: Sheldon, it’s C, just put down C.
Sheldon: I don’t need your help, Penny.
DMV Lady: Listen to that little girl, honey, put C. Next!
Sheldon: No, no, wait, no, hang on, look at this next question.
Howard: Sheldon, why are you arguing with the DMV?
Sheldon: How else are they going to learn? Look, question 2, when are roadways most slippery? Now,
okay, there are three answers, none of which are correct. The correct answer is, when covered by a
film of liquid sufficient to reduce the coefficient of static friction between the tire and the road to
essentially zero, but not so deep as to introduce a new source of friction.
DMV Lady: Here’s your learner’s permit. Go away.
Sheldon: But I’m not done. I have many additional concerns about these questions.
DMV Lady: Don’t make me climb over this counter.
Penny: Come on, let’s go.
DMV Lady: Next!
Sheldon: Aced it.
Scene: The apartment. Howard is setting up a large kit of high tech equipment.
Howard: Okay, that’s it, let’s boot it up.

Leonard: Booting.
Howard: This is a state-of-the-art simulator. I adapted it from something a friend of mine designed for
the army.
Sheldon: Is that why I appear to be in downtown Fallujah, behind the wheel of an up-armored
Humvee?
Howard: I haven’t configured it yet. Let’s see… Bradley tank… transport truck… Batmobile…
Sheldon: Ooh!
Leonard: No.
Howard: Here we go, red 2006 Ford Taurus on the streets of Pasadena.
Sheldon (sucking in breath): Hmmmm?
Howard: What?
Sheldon: Statistically, red cars are stopped by police far more often than any other colour. I don’t
want any hassles with the fuzz.
Howard: Fine, what colour do you want?
Sheldon: You know the pale blue of Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber, before it was digitally remastered?
Howard: Black it is.
Leonard: Okay, now, what you want to do first is turn on the ignition and shift into drive.
Sheldon: I haven’t fastened my seat belt yet.
Leonard: Okay, fasten your seat belt.
Sheldon: Click. Now, are there air bags?
Leonard: You don’t need air bags.
Sheldon: What if a simulated van rear-ends me?
Penny: I’ll hit you in the face with a pillow.
Leonard: Okay, now shift into drive, pull out slowly into traffic.
(General panic)
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Oh.

Howard: Oh.
Leonard: Watch out.
Howard: Oh God!
Leonard: Watch, watch out, watch out for pedestrians!
Penny: Oh God, wait, slow, hit the brakes, hit the brakes!
(Sounds of car crashing. Penny hits Sheldon in face with pillow.)
Sheldon: Thank you.
Scene: The same, only Sheldon and Leonard are present. Sheldon is practicing. There are sounds of
squealing tyres and brakes and general panic and mayhem.
Sheldon: Sorry… excuse me… my bad… student driver…
Leonard: How did you manage to get on the second floor of the Glendale galleria?
Sheldon: I don’t know. I was on the Pasadena freeway, I missed my exit, flew off the overpass, and
one thing led to another.
Leonard: Maybe you want to give it a rest and try again tomorrow.
Sheldon: No. I quit. (Stands up. There is more sound of crashing and panic, then animal noises.)
Leonard: Aw, the pet store?
Sheldon: Remind me to compliment Wolowitz on the software, it’s amazingly detailed.
Leonard: So wait,you’re just gonna give up?
Sheldon: No, I’m not giving up, I never give up.
Leonard: So what is it you’re doing?
Sheldon: I’m transcending the situation. I’m clearly too evolved for driving.
Leonard: What does that mean?
Sheldon: Leonard, have you ever wondered why my little toes and lateral incisors are significantly
smaller than the average for someone of my size?
Leonard: I wonder a lot of things about you, Sheldon, but not… not that.
Sheldon: Well, those are indicators that I’m farther along the evolutionary scale than the average
human.
Leonard: No kidding.

Sheldon: Well, no, no, I’m not going to go so far as to say that I represent a distinct new stage in
humankind, you know, a Homo Novus, if you will, no, that’s for anthropologists to decide. But I am
convinced that the reason I cannot master the plebeian task of driving is because I’m not meant to.
Leonard: Yes, you are, you’re meant to learn how to drive. Please learn how to drive!
Sheldon: No, no. Leonard, I’m meant for greater things, like unraveling the mysteries of the universe,
not determining when it’s safe to pass a stopped school bus on a country road.
Leonard: It’s never safe.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, I know that now.
Leonard: Fine. Assuming that everything you say is true, how does the biologically superior Homo
Novus get to work tomorrow morning?
Sheldon: Homo Novus doesn’t know.
Leonard: Well, hang in there, maybe you’ll evolve into something with wings.
Scene: A corridor in the university. Sheldon emerges from his office in a shower cap and bathrobe.
The others are turning the corner.
Sheldon: Good morning, gentlemen.
Leonard: Hey.
Raj: Good morning. Is there some new kind of casual Friday I don’t know about?
Leonard: No, he lives here now.
Howard: Really? Why?
Leonard: Well, since he won’t take the bus and he’s too evolved to drive, he decided it would be
easier to just sleep in his office and shower in the radiation lab until I’m finished with my experiment.
Raj: But you finished your experiment a week ago.
Leonard: Yep
Scene: The cafeteria, late at night. Two cleaning ladies enter and find a plate with toast crusts.
Cleaning Lady 1 (in Spanish, subtitles): Oh my God, again?
Cleaning Lady 2: It must be rats.
Cleaning Lady 1: Rats don’t make toast and cut off the crust.
(They are startled by a noise. One of them drops the plate, it smashes on the floor. Sheldon is by the
drink machine, he is wearing a cloak with a hood)

Sheldon: You saw nothing! (Sweeps hood around himself and vanishes through cafeteria door.)

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 06
Scene: A lecture room at the university.
Leonard: So, if any of you are considering going into experimental physics, my door is always open.
Once again, I’m sorry that the demonstration didn’t quite work out, but now we know what happens
when you accidentally spill peach Snapple into a helium neon laser. Short answer is… don’t. And
now to tell you about the theoretical physics department is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Dr. Cooper?
Sheldon (off): Forget it.
Leonard: Excuse me. Sheldon, we both agreed to do this.
Sheldon (off): It’s a waste of time. I might as well explain the laws of thermodynamics to a bunch of
labradoodles.
Leonard: If you don’t do this, I won’t take you to the comic book store.
Sheldon (entering): Hello. Nice work with the laser, by the way. Looking out at your fresh young
faces, I remember when I too was deciding my academic future as a lowly graduate student. Of course,
I was 14, and I’d already achieved more than most of you could ever hope to, despite my 9 o’clock
bedtime. Now, there may be one or two of you in this room who has what it takes to succeed in
theoretical physics, although, it’s more likely that you’ll spend your scientific careers teaching fifth
graders how to make paper mache volcanoes with baking soda lava.
Leonard: Oh, good God.
Sheldon: In short, anyone who told you that you would someday be able to make any significant
contribution to physics played a cruel trick on you, a cruel trick indeed. Any questions? Of course not.
I weep for the future of science. Now if you’ll excuse me, the latest issue of Batman is out. Come,
Leonard.
Leonard: Laser demonstration’s looking pretty good now, huh?
Credits sequence.

Scene: The university cafeteria.

Raj: I love this time of the year. The leaves are turning, there’s a bracing chill in the air.
Howard: Plus there’s a whole new crop of female grad students about to put on just enough winter
weight to make them needy and vulnerable. That’s right, honey, have another calzone, Daddy can
wait.
Raj: Isn’t there a university policy against dating graduate students?

Leonard: No, if you can talk to them, you can ask them out.
Raj: Damn, there’s always a catch.
Leslie Winkle (entering): Hey, guys.
Leonard: Hey, Leslie.
Leslie: So, dumbass, I heard you made a grad student throw up last night.
Sheldon: The truth can indeed be a finger down the throat of those unprepared to hear it. But why
should I cater to second-rate minds?
Leslie: Because first-rate minds call you “dumbass”?
Sheldon: Oh, yeah? Well… you’re a mean person.
Girl (arriving): Excuse me, Dr. Cooper, I’m Ramona Nowitzki, I was at your talk last night. I think
you’re just brilliant.
Sheldon: That is the prevailing opinion.
Leslie: Oh, now I’m gonna throw up.
Howard: Howard Wolowitz, department of engineering, co-designer of the International Space
Station’s Liquid Waste Disposal System.
Ramona: Ew. Dr. Cooper, I’ve read everything you’ve published. I especially liked your paper on
grand unification using string-network condensates and was wondering how you determined that
three-dimensional string-nets provided a unified picture of fermions and gauge bosons?
Sheldon: Amazing, an intelligent labradoodle.
Howard: Woof.
Sheldon: The fact is I’m quite close to a breakthrough in showing how neutrinos emerge from a
string-net condensate.
Ramona: Oh, my God, that would change the way we view the entire physical universe.
Sheldon: It’s what I do.
Howard: You know, the Pishkin-Wolowitz Liquid Waste Disposal System is turning a few heads as
well.
Ramona: Again, ew. You know, I’d love to hear more about how you intend to add neutrinos. Could
we get a cup of coffee sometime?
Sheldon: I don’t drink coffee.
Howard: I do. I love me a cup of joe.

Ramona: Well, it doesn’t have to be coffee. How about dinner?
Sheldon: I do eat dinner.
Ramona: Great. I know a terrific little Italian place.
Sheldon: I never eat in strange restaurants. One runs the risk of non-standard cutlery.
Ramona: Excuse me?
Leonard: Sheldon lives in fear of the three-tined fork.
Sheldon: Three tines is not a fork, three tines is a trident. Forks are for eating, tridents are for ruling
the seven seas.
Ramona: What if I brought food to your place?
Sheldon: That would be acceptable. On Mondays, I eat Thai food. Mee krob and chicken sate with
extra peanut sauce from Siam Palace.
Ramona: You got it. I already have your address.
Sheldon: What a nice girl.
Howard: Sheldon, do you have any idea what just happened?
Sheldon: Yes. Apparently I’m getting a free dinner.
Scene: The apartment building lobby. Ramona is waiting by the lift. Penny enters.

Penny: Oh, yeah, no, this thing’s majorly out of order. (Picking up out of order sign) See? Sorry.
Ramona: That’s okay. Guess I’m taking the stairs.
Penny: Where you going?
Ramona: 4-A.
Penny: Oh, are you here to see Leonard?
Ramona: No, Dr. Cooper.
Penny: Dr. Sheldon Cooper?
Ramona: We’re having dinner.
Penny: Sheldon Cooper? Tall, thin, looks a little like a giant praying mantis?
Ramona: He is cute, isn’t he?

Penny: Sheldon Cooper?
Scene: The apartment. Leonard opens the door, Ramona and Penny are outside.

Ramona: Hi, Leonard.
Leonard: Hey, Ramona. Come on in.
Ramona: Thanks. Where should I put this?
Leonard: Uh, the kitchen’s fine. (To Penny) Hey, what are you doing?
Penny: I need to see this.
Leonard: Uh-huh. The viewing area’s right over there. Sheldon, your girl… date… person…
Ramona’s here.
Sheldon: Oh, hello.
Ramona: Oh, sorry I’m late. I just got so caught up reading the draft of your latest paper.
Sheldon: Did you enjoy the humorous footnote where I illustrate mirror-symmetry by likening it to
the Flash playing tennis with himself?
Ramona: So funny. But the idea that you might be able to incorporate gravity, I have to tell you, I
found it physically exhilarating.
Sheldon: My hypotheses tend to have that effect.
Ramona: I’m sorry I didn’t bring enough for your friends. I assumed we were going to be alone.
Leonard: Oh, yeah. No, we were just going.
Howard: To watch, right?
Leonard: No, come on, now, we’re going out.
Penny: Oh, come on, we’ll be quiet.
Leonard: Let’s go. Okay, you two, just, have a nice… whatever this is.
Penny (in hallway): Okay, you guys, look, I know this is none of my business, but I just, I have to ask,
what’s Sheldon’s deal?
Leonard: What do you mean “deal”?
Penny: You know, like what’s his deal? Is it girls? Guys? Sock puppets?
Leonard: Honestly, we’ve been operating under the assumption that he has no deal.

Penny: Come on, everybody has a deal.
Howard: Not Sheldon. Over the years, we’ve formulated many theories about how he might
reproduce. I’m an advocate of mytosis.
Penny: I’m sorry?
Howard: I believe one day Sheldon will eat an enormous amount of Thai food and split into two
Sheldons.
Leonard: On the other hand, I think Sheldon might be the larval form of his species, and someday
he’ll spin a cocoon and emerge two months later with moth wings and an exoskeleton.
Penny: Okay, well, thanks for the nightmares.
Leonard: Hey, do you want to hang out with us?
Penny: What are you guys gonna do?
Leonard: Uh…
Howard: My mom’s making a brisket tonight.
Leonard: The one with the little onions? Mmm.
Penny: Yeah, I’m busy, so, goodnight.
Howard: Her loss. Let’s go.
Raj: Brisket party! B-to-the-R-to-the-I-S-K… To-the-E-to-the-T… Ooh…
Leonard: Don’t.
Scene: The cafeteria.

Leonard: Hey, aren’t you having breakfast?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: Are you experimenting with nutritional suppositories again?
Sheldon: Not in these pants.
Leonard: So, how’d it go with Ramona last night?
Sheldon: Oh, great. She’s smart, insightful and she has a very unique way of, you know, revering me.
Ramona (arriving): Here’s your spinach mushroom omelette .

Sheldon: Thank you. Did anyone touch it?
Ramona: Gloves were worn by everyone involved. I was vigilant.
Sheldon: Ramona pointed out that I’ve been wasting 20 minutes a day standing on cafeteria lines.
Ramona: Time which would be better spent tackling the great physics problems of our day.
Sheldon: You don’t tackle the big issues, Ramona. You fence with them. En garde. Riposte.
Leonard: Touche.
Leslie (arriving): Morning.
Leonard: Ah, hey Leslie.
Leslie: So, Sheldon, I see you’re organizing your papers for the Smithsonian Museum of Dumbassery.
Ramona: There won’t be any room until they get rid of the permanent Leslie Winkle exhibit.
Sheldon: Oh, good one.
Leslie: I see you got a grad student to fight your battles for you. I’ll let you keep your lunch money
today.
Ramona: Okay, Dr. Cooper is on the verge of a breakthrough. If you’re going to stay, you’ll have to
be respectful and quiet. (Leslie leaves. Ramona looks pointedly at Leonard)
Leonard: Wait for me.
Ramona: So have you worked out the neutrino issue?
Sheldon: Well, to paraphrase Mozart, all the subatomic particles are there, I just have to put them in
the right order.
Ramona: You’re so witty.
Sheldon: Aren’t I?
Scene: The apartment. There is a knock on the door which then opens and Penny enters.
Penny: Hey, guys, this package came for y…
(Sheldon is sitting in his usual seat, typing on his laptop. One foot is in a foot spa. Ramona is
pumicing the other.)

Ramona: Dr. Cooper is working.
Sheldon: Yes, I’m close to a breakthrough. Ooh, it tickles

Penny: Sorry. (Puts package down and leaves. In hallway, shudders) Holy crap on a cracker.
Leonard: Hey, Penny.
Penny: Hi. You know, you probably don’t want to go in there.
Leonard: Why? What are they doing?
Penny: You know, the only way I could explain it would be in a therapist’s office with dolls.
Leonard (enters): Hoo-boy.
Ramona: Dr. Cooper’s working.
Leonard: Yeah, I can see that. Sheldon, Halo night, Koothrappali’s. You coming?
Sheldon: Oh, yes, it’s Halo night. Let me just dry my tootsies.
Ramona: You’re not going to Halo night.
Sheldon: Yes, I am. It’s Wednesday. Wednesday’s Halo night.</i>
Ramona: Didn’t a great man once say, “Science demands nothing less than the fervent and
unconditional dedication of our entire lives”?
Sheldon: He did.
Ramona: And who was that great man?
Sheldon: Me. Sorry, Leonard.
Leonard: Seriously? You’re not coming?
Sheldon: You heard her. How can I argue with me?
Leonard: Okay, well, once again, you guys have a good… whatever this is.
Ramona: Dr. Cooper, I have to tell you, your friends are holding you back.
Sheldon: I prefer to think of it as I’m pulling them forward.
Ramona: Halo night? A man with your intellectual gifts doesn’t waste an evening playing video
games.
Sheldon: He does on Wednesdays.
Ramona: Not if he wants a Nobel Prize.
Sheldon: He does want that. Does a man with my intellectual gifts play paintball on weekends?

Ramona: What do you think?
Sheldon: Drat.
Ramona: Now shall we get back to work?
Sheldon: I suppose. Battlestar Galactica comes on tonight. (Pause) I guess I can wait for the DVD.
(Pause) And then never ever watch it.
Montage of scenes: To the sound of “You Can Be My Yoko Ono” by Barenaked Ladies we see 1. the
guys set off for paintball while Sheldon, dressed in paintball gear, sadly waves them goodbye, 2.
Ramona catch Sheldon hiding behind the shower curtain playing on a Nintendo DS, 3. Ramona
remove a book Sheldon is reading to reveal a Batman comic underneath, 4. Sheldon escape the
apartment in his paintball gear only to be chased back inside by Ramona returning with groceries,
she finds him sitting in his underpants with his paintball helmet still on.

Scene: Outside Penny’s apartment.

Sheldon (Knock, knock, knock, in a low voice): Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock,
knock) Penny
Penny: Sheldon, honey, I’ve told you, it’s a small apartment, you only have to knock one time.
Sheldon: Please, please, I don’t have a lot of time. Look, Ramona finally dozed off, and I need you to
help me get rid of her.
Penny: Get rid of her how?
Sheldon: I don’t know, but apparently I’m in some kind of relationship, and you seem to be an expert
at ending them.
Penny: Excuse me?
Sheldon: I see man after man leaving this apartment never to return.
Penny: Okay, first of all, it is not man after man.
Ramona (off): Dr. Cooper?!
Sheldon: Hide me.
Penny: Hide you?
Sheldon: I formally request sanctuary.
Ramona: Why aren’t you working?

Sheldon: Um… she distracted me. I told you, Penny, I don’t have time for your nonsense, I have
important things to do.
Penny: Oh, man.
Ramona: I know what’s going on here.
Penny: Really? Well, then will you explain it to me?
Ramona: You’re in love with Dr. Cooper.
Penny: Uh, yeah, no, that’s not it.
Ramona: Don’t try to deny it. He’s a remarkable man, but you have to let him go.
Penny: Oh, gee, okay.
Ramona: I know it’s hard, but he’s a gift to the whole world, and we can’t be selfish.
Penny: Yeah, he’s a gift all right.
Ramona: Sisters?
Penny: Um, sure, sisters. (Ramona leaves.) Holy crap on a cracker.
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. He is asleep. There is a tapping on the wall. He wakes up.

Leonard: Sheldon? (Pause, then more tapping) What are you doing?!
Sheldon: It’s Morse code.
Leonard: Why?
Sheldon: So we can communicate through the wall.
Leonard: We are communicating through the wall.
Sheldon: Yes, but the communication is not encrypted.
Leonard: I don’t know Morse code.
Sheldon: It’s very simple. This is A (knock knock) this is B (knock knock-knock-knock) this is C…
Leonard: Sheldon, I’m not going to learn Morse code at three o’clock in the morning!
Sheldon: All right.
Leonard: Don’t come in here, don’t come in here, don’t come in here, don’t (Sheldon enters) Aw!
What’s going on?

Sheldon: Shh! Ramona’s sleeping on the couch.
Leonard: I know. When is she going home?
Sheldon: Never, that’s the problem. I need your help.
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: I’m invoking the Skynet clause of our friendship agreement.
Leonard: That only applies if you need me to help you destroy an artificial intelligence you created
that’s taking over the Earth.
Sheldon: Come on! Don’t nitpick!
Leonard: Good night.
Sheldon: Shh. All right, I’m invoking our bodysnatchers clause.
Leonard: The bodysnatchers clause requires me to help you destroy someone we know who’s been
replaced with an alien pod.
Sheldon: Yes. She’s in the living room. Go, I’ll wait here.
Ramona (entering): Sheldon, what are you doing out of bed?
Sheldon: Now! Do it!
Ramona: You know you need your sleep in order for your cognitive processing to perform at
optimum levels. Now come on.
Sheldon: Godzilla clause?
Leonard: Not unless she destroys Tokyo.
Sheldon: Rats.
Scene: The living room. Sheldon is surrounded by whiteboards.

Sheldon (excitedly): I’ve got it! I finally reconciled the black hole information paradox with my
theory of string-network condensates!
Ramona: It’s unbelievable! It’s paradigm-altering!
Sheldon: And I could not have done it without you.
Ramona: Oh, please, I just offered a little encouragement.

Sheldon: It was a lot more than that. You helped me work out the masses of all the fermions, and you
pumiced my hammer toe. How can I ever repay you?
Ramona: Well, would you consider naming it the Cooper-Nowitzki Theorem?
Sheldon: Who’s Nowitzki?
Ramona: I’m Nowitzki.
Sheldon: Oh, you want me to share credit?
Ramona: Uh-huh.
Sheldon: Get out!
Scene: The hallway, Ramona is leaving.

Penny: Oh, hey, hi.
Ramona: Oh, bite me!
Penny: Sisters?
Scene: The cafeteria. A red haired girl approaches the table.

Girl: Excuse me, Dr. Cooper, I’m Kathy O’Brien. I just finished reading your paper reconciling the
black hole information paradox with your theory of string-network condensates, and it just took my
breath away.
Sheldon: Maybe when I publish it, I’ll include an inhaler.
Kathy: Would you possibly have any time for me to pick your brain?
Sheldon: Let’s see, today’s Thursday. Thursday nights, I eat pizza from Giacomo’s. Sausage,
mushrooms, light olives.
Kathy: Great. I’ll bring it to your place. I have the address.
Sheldon: What a nice girl.
Leonard: Sheldon, do you see what just happened here?
Sheldon: Yes, I’m getting a free pizza. I’m on a roll.
Scene: The living room. The guys are eating.
Sheldon: More Pad Thai, please.

Howard: Sheldon, you’ve already had four servings.
Raj: You might want to slow down a bit, buddy.
Sheldon: Just one more bite.
Leonard: Sheldon? Sheldon, are you okay?
Sheldon: I’m just so… full.
(Sheldon begins to shake uncontrollably, then expand, then a second Sheldon separates from the
original Sheldon and ends up sitting next to him. Leonard wakes up in bed with a start.)
Leonard: That’s it. No more Thai food.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 07
Scene: The apartment. The guys are playing Boggle. There is a Klingon dictionary on the table.
Sheldon: Time. Alright Klingons, pencils down.
Leonard: Okay, I have pokh.
All: Have it. Got it.
Leonard: Potl.
All: Yup. Have it. Have it.
Leonard: Pukhpa.
All: Have it. Got it. Yup.
Howard: I have Chorrr.
Raj & Sheldon: Got it. Yup.
Howard: Nekhmakh.
Raj & Sheldon: Yeah. Yeah.
Howard: And Kreplach.
Raj: Hold on a second. Kreplach?
Howard: Yeah.
Raj: That isn’t Klingon, it’s Yiddish for meat-filled dumpling.
Howard: Well, as it turns out, it’s also a Klingon word.
Leonard: Really? Define it.
Howard: Kreplach, A hearty Klingon… dumpling.
Raj: Judge’s ruling?
Sheldon: Bilurrrbe.
Penny (entering): Hey, guys, I need to use your TV.
Sheldon: What’s wrong with your TV?

Penny: I don’t know, it just died, I’m getting a bunch of static.
Howard: Did you pay your cable bill?
Penny: You sound just like the cable company. All right, so, shh, Tyra Banks is about to kick
someone off America’s Next Top Model.
Sheldon: Excuse me, Penny, but we’re…
Leonard: No, no, don’t tell her.
Sheldon: …playing Klingon Boggle.
Leonard: Aw!
Howard: What do you mean, aw? Like she didn’t know we were nerds?
Sheldon: All right, if you must watch, then mute it with closed captions, please.
Penny: Fine.
Sheldon: All right, Boggle warriors, kapla’!
Howard: Look at those women.
Leonard: They’re gorgeous.
Sheldon: Oh! Worf, nice! Too bad that’s a proper noun.
Howard: Oh, look, the’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz. No, wait, that’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz. With
her head in the lap of, what a coincidence. It’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz.
Leonard: Yeah, and they can all move in with you and your mother, the current Mrs. Wolowitz.
Sheldon: Is qochbe’ spelled with a (gargling) or a (guttural grunt)?
Howard: Why is that Mrs. Wolowitz crying?
Penny: Oh. That’s Anais, none of the other girls in the house like her.
Howard: House? What house?
Penny: They all live in a house together.
Howard: A house, where?
Penny: I don’t know. Somewhere in L.A.
Howard: Wait a minute, you’re telling me that I’m within driving distance of a house filled with
aspiring supermodels?

Penny: Yeah, I guess.
Howard: And they live together and shower together and have naked pillow fights?
Leonard (to Penny who has got up to leave): Hey, wh-where are you going?
Penny: To pay my cable bill.
Sheldon: All right, pencils down! I have lokh, makh, and cherrrkh. Anybody got those?
Credits Sequence.
Scene: The living room. Howard and Raj are staring intently at the television. Leonard enters.
Leonard: Did I miss anything? Did they kick Giselle off?
Raj: Not yet, but her underwater photo shoot was an embarrassment.
Howard: Sadly, Mrs. Giselle Wolowitz is sensitive to chlorine. Lucky for her I like my fashion
models pruny and bug-eyed.
Leonard: Sheldon, the food’s here.
Raj: There’s the house, freeze frame, freeze frame.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Raj: Marking the star positions and physical landmarks so we can find the house of the supermodels.
Leonard: Why?
Howard: Isn’t it obvious? Every week, they kick out a beautiful girl, making her feel unwanted and
without self-esteem, a.k.a. the future Mrs. Howard Wolowitz.
Sheldon: Is my hamburger medium well?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Dill slices, not sweet?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Individual relish packets?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Onion rings?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Extra breading?

Leonard: I asked.
Sheldon: What did they say?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Did you protest?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Vociferously?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Well, then what took you so long?
Leonard: Just eat.
Penny (entering): Hey, guys, what’d I miss? What’d I miss?
Howard: Giselle’s hanging by a thread.
Penny: Oh, good, I hate her.
Howard: Then you’re not invited to our wedding.
Leonard: Here you go.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: Oh, do we have to suffer through this transparently manipulative pseudo-reality again?
All: Yes.
Sheldon: You and I have a standing TV schedule which is the result of extensive debate and
compromise. Any alterations except for breaking news have to be pre-approved at the weekly
roommate meeting.
Leonard: Put it on the agenda.
Sheldon: But you have to make a motion to put it on agenda.
Leonard: Oh, I’ll make a motion, but you’re not going to like it.
Sheldon: Fine. Mock Parliamentary procedure. At least put it on mute.
Penny: Oh, Giselle’s not getting kicked off. It’s totally going to be Summer. (She picks up one of
Sheldon’s onion rings. Raj lets out a high pitched squeak and points.) What?
Leonard: Sheldon’s onion ring. Just put it back!

Penny: It’s one onion ring.
Howard: Just put it back before he comes!
Leonard: No, no, no, no, I don’t think that’s where it was.
Howard: Okay, here he comes, deny, deny, people, wall of silence.
Sheldon: Who touched my…
All: Penny! Penny did it.
Sheldon: Why would you do that?
Penny: I don’t know. I was hungry? What’s the big deal?
Sheldon: The big deal is that nobody touches food on my plate.
Penny: All right. Look, I didn’t know, I’m sorry.
Sheldon: Well, I’m sorry, but that is your second strike.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: You have two strikes. Three strikes and you’re out. It’s a sports metaphor.
Penny: A sports metaphor?
Sheldon: Yes, baseball.
Penny: All right, yeah, I’ll play along. What was my first strike?
Sheldon: March 18th. You violated my rule about forwarding email humour.
Penny: I did?
Sheldon: The photo of the cat who wants to “has cheezburger”?
Penny: Oh, come on, everybody loves LOLcats. They’re cute and they can’t spell ’cause they’re cats.
Sheldon: I trusted you with my email address, and you betrayed that trust by sending me Internet
banality, strike one. Touching my food, strike two.
Leonard: Don’t worry. They only stay on your record for a year.
Howard: You can get them removed early, but you have to take his class.
Penny: Come on, I touched one onion ring.
Sheldon: And then you put it back, compromising the integrity of all the other onion rings.

Penny: Oh, honey, the buses don’t go where you live, do they?
Sheldon: Look, Penny, I wish I could be more lenient with you, but since you’ve become a permanent
member of our social group I have to hold you to the same standards as everybody else.
Leonard: Congratulations. You’re officially one of us.
Howard: One of us, one of us.
Penny: Well, what a thrill.
Sheldon: You’re sitting in my spot.
Penny: Oh, jeez, you’ve got to be kidding me.
Sheldon: Leonard, she’s in my spot.
Leonard: Yeah, yeah. Uh, see, here’s the thing, after you leave, I still have to live with him.
Penny: I don’t care. I’m taking a stand. Metaphorically.
Sheldon: All right, that’s it. Strike three.
Penny: Ooh, strike three.
Scene: The hallway, Penny exits the guys apartment.
Penny: I’m banished? What the hell kind of crap is that?
Leonard: Listen, don’t worry. I’ll talk to him.
Penny: Yeah, you do that.
Leonard: Just so I know, would you be open to taking his class? You can do it online!
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Howard: So based on our triangulation we’ve narrowed down the location of the top model house to
three square miles in the Hollywood Hills.
Raj: Or possibly Durham, North Carolina.
Howard: When we find it, you want to go with us?
Leonard: To do what?
Raj: Party with the pretty girls, dude!
Leonard: Are you insane? You’re not going to party with them, you’re not even going to get
anywhere near that place.

Howard: That’s what they said to Neil Armstrong about the moon.
Sheldon: No one said anything of the kind to Neil Armstrong, the entire nation dedicated a decade of
effort and treasure to put a man on the moon.
Howard: Well, my fellow Americans, before this year is out we will put a Wolowitz on one of
America’s top models.
Raj: And a large number of people will believe it never happened.
Penny (arriving): Okay, let me guess. A quesadilla with soy cheese for the lactose-intolerant Leonard.
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: Shrimp Caesar salad with no almonds for the highly allergic kosher-only-on-the-high-holidays
Howard, and for our suddenly back on the Hindu wagon Raj, meatlover’s pizza, no meat. Coming
right up.
Sheldon: Wait. Excuse me. You forgot my barbecue bacon cheeseburger, barbecue sauce, bacon and
cheese on the side.
Penny: Oh, I didn’t tell you? You’re banished from the Cheesecake Factory.
Sheldon: Why?
Penny: Well, you have three strikes. One, coming in. Two, sitting down. And three, I don’t like your
attitude.
Sheldon: You can’t do that. Not only is it a violation of California state law, it flies directly in the face
of Cheesecake Factory policy.
Penny: Yeah, no, there’s a new policy. No shoes, no shirt, no Sheldon.
Howard: I bet we could sell that sign all over Pasadena.
Leonard: Penny, can I talk to you for a minute? Hi.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Look, here’s the thing, um, I talked to Sheldon and he feels terrible and he agrees that he
was unreasonable and out of line.
Penny: Really? Well, that’s great.
Leonard: Yeah, so just apologize to him, okay?
Penny: What? I’m not going to apologize to that nutcase.
Leonard: Oh, come on, it’s easy, he’ll even tell you what to say.

Penny: Leonard, don’t you get it? If you guys keep going along with his insanity, you’re just
encouraging him.
Leonard: We’re not encouraging. It’s more like knuckling under.
Penny: Look, I like hanging out with you guys, but I’m not going to apologize for something I didn’t
do.
Leonard: Well, actually, technically, you did do it.
Penny: That’s strike one, Leonard.
Scene: The same, some minutes later.
Penny: There you go, quesadilla, salad, there’s your pizza, and thanks to Sheldon’s heated discussion
with my manager one barbecue bacon cheeseburger, barbecue sauce, bacon and cheese on the side.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Penny: Go ahead, eat it. I dare you
Scene: The living room. Howard on his laptop.
Howard: That’s it. There’s the house, I found America’s top models!
Raj: Are you sure?
Howard: Look, on the roof, Anais and Giselle are sunbathing. European-style.
Leonard: You can recognize people on Google Earth?
Howard: Of course not, I got a buddy of mine at NORAD to have a spy drone fly over.
Leonard: NORAD? You’re using military aircraft?
Howard: It was already targeted to poke around a nuclear reactor in Siberia, I took it an hour out of its
way, tops.
Penny (entering, angry): Okay, where is he?
Leonard: Sheldon? I just dropped him off at the comic book store. Why?
Penny: Here. Try and go online.
Leonard: Problem with the WiFi?
Penny: No, just try.
Sheldon (on screen): Greetings, hamburger toucher. You are probably wondering why you cannot IM
with your little friends about how much you heart various things. Well, this recorded message is
alerting you that I am putting an end to your parasitic piggybacking upon our WiFi. If you want to

remedy the situation you can contact the phone company, set up your own WiFi and pay for it, or you
may apologize to me.
Penny: Well?
Leonard: I reiterate, knuckle under.
Penny: No, no, no, no, no. It is on. I am gonna introduce your friend to a world of hurt.
Leonard: Oh, Penny, you don’t want to get into it with Sheldon. The guy is one lab accident away
from being a supervillain.
Penny: I don’t care, I was in junior rodeo, I can hogtie and castrate him in 60 seconds.
Howard: No need to neuter the nerd, I can get you back online.
Leonard: There, see? Problem solved.
Howard: Voila!
Sheldon (voice from Howards laptop): Hello, puny insects. As a consequence of your efforts to
circumvent my will, everyone is awarded one additional strike.
Leonard: Thanks a lot, Howard.
Howard: What are you complaining about? I’m the one who has to take the class again.
Scene: The hallway. Sheldon is backing out of the apartment. Penny is waiting outside.
Sheldon: Oh! Hello.
Penny: Time to do your laundry, huh?
Sheldon: It’s Saturday night. Saturday is laundry night.
Penny: I know. Every Saturday at 8:15, easy to anticipate.
Sheldon: What are you implying?
Penny: I’m implying that you’re a creature of habit, and if something were to prevent you from doing
your laundry on Saturday at 8:15, you might find it unpleasant. (Sheldon hurries away, disturbed)
Knuckle under, my ass.
Scene: The laundry room. Sheldon, holding his laundry, is looking at the machines in dismay.
Penny: Oh, no, are all the machines taken? What are you gonna do?
Sheldon: No problem, I’ll just do my laundry another night.
Penny: Another night? Well, I guess you can try, but deep inside your heart you’ll know that laundry
night is always Saturday night.

Sheldon: Woman, you are playing with forces beyond your ken.
Penny: Yeah, well, your ken can kiss my Barbie.
Scene: The hallway, Penny comes storming up the stairs to the guys door.
Penny (Knock, knock, knock): Sheldon (knock, knock, knock) Sheldon (knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
Sheldon: Yes?
Penny: Where are my clothes?
Sheldon: Your clothes?
Penny: Yes, I left them in the washers and when I went down to get them, they were gone.
Sheldon: Really? Despite the sign that says “Do not leave laundry unattended”?
Penny: Sheldon, where are my clothes?
Sheldon: You know, I do recall seeing some female undergarments. Where was that? Oh, yes, earlier
this evening I happened to gaze out the window and a brassiere caught my eye. Do those look familiar?
Penny: How the hell did you get them up on that telephone wire?
Sheldon: When you understand the laws of physics, Penny, anything is possible. And may I add,
mwah-ha-ha!
Penny: Get them down.
Sheldon: Apologize.
Penny: Never.
Sheldon: Well, then may I suggest you get a very long stick and play panty pinata.
Penny: Look, wait, Sheldon, this has gotten out of hand, okay? I’ve done some stupid things, you’ve
done some stupid things, how about we just call it even and move on with our lives?
Sheldon: I’ve done no stupid things.
Penny: Look, you’ve got to meet me halfway here.
Sheldon: I am meeting you halfway, I’m willing to concede that you’ve done some stupid things.
Leonard: Hey, you guys are talking again. Good. What happened?
Penny: Leonard, remember when I said it was on? Well, now it’s junior rodeo on.
Leonard: Oh, not junior rodeo. What did you do?

Sheldon: I had no choice, Leonard, she ruined laundry night.
Leonard (looking out of window): A-a-a-aw!
Sheldon: Mwah-ha-ha.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Leonard enters. Penny is taping together a number of long sticks.
Penny: Telephone wires can’t electrocute you, can they?
Leonard: No. Look, this has to stop.
Penny: Oh, no, no, no. It is just beginning.
Leonard: All right, I really didn’t want to do this, but… here.
Penny: What’s this?
Leonard: Sheldon’s Kryptonite.
Penny: Oh, my God.
Leonard: He can never know that I gave that to you.
Penny: Look, I said I wanted to hurt him, but, but this?
Leonard: It’ll shorten the war by five years and save millions of lives.
Scene: The living room.
Raj: Oh, pause it. That’s it. Confirmed. We now have the address of the top model house.
Howard: God bless you, Google Street View registered trademark.
Leonard: Okay, for the record what you’re doing is really creepy.
Howard: You know what? If it’s creepy to use the Internet, military satellites, and robot aircraft to
find a house full of gorgeous young models so that I can drop in on them unexpectedly, then fine, I’m
creepy.
Leonard (into phone, which has just rung): Hello. Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. I’ll get him.
Sheldon, it’s for you.
Sheldon: Who is it?
Leonard: Your mother.
Sheldon: Oh, good. Hi, Mom. How are you? But, Mom, she keeps sitting in my spot. And, and she
touched my food. Okay, yes, I took her clothes, but she started it. No, that’s not fair. Why should I
have to apologize? Yeah, I really don’t think this is the kind of thing Jesus concerns himself with. No,
you’re right, I don’t really know what Jesus thinks about. All right, good-bye. Did you tell on me?

Leonard: Are you kidding me? I already have two strikes.
Scene: Outside Penny’s door.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock)
Penny… (door opens) I am very, very sorry for what I have done. Here’s your laundry, I rescind your
strikes and you are no longer banished.
Penny: Can I sit wherever I want? No, no, never mind, never mind, that’s, that’s not important.
Sheldon, this was big of you. Thank you. I really appreciate it.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Penny: Good night, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Penny.
Penny: Yes?
Sheldon: Well played.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: Just remember: with great power comes great responsibility.
Penny: Understood.
Scene: The top model house. The doorbell rings. One of the models answers. Howard and Raj are
outside wearing blue jumpsuits.
Model: Can I help you
Howard: Yes, we here to fix the cable.
Model: I think we have satellite.
Howard: That’s what I meant.
Model: Oh. Okay, come on in.
Howard: She’s taller than all the women in my family combined.
Raj: What do we do now?
Howard: Follow Mrs. Wolowitz.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 08
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Oh look, Saturn 3 is on.
Raj: I don’t want to watch Saturn 3. Deep Space Nine is better.
Sheldon: How is Deep Space Nine better than Saturn 3?
Raj: Simple subtraction will tell you it’s six better.
Leonard: Compromise. Watch Babylon 5.
Sheldon: In what sense is that a compromise?
Leonard: Well, five is partway between three… Never mind.
Raj: I’ll tell you what, how about we go rock-paper-scissors?
Sheldon: Ooh, I don’t think so. No, anecdotal evidence suggests that in the game of rock-paperscissors, players familiar with each other will tie 75 to 80% of the time due to the limited number of
outcomes. I suggest rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
Raj: What?
Sheldon: It’s very simple. Look, scissors cuts paper. Paper covers rock. Rock crushes lizard. Lizard
poisons Spock. Spock smashes scissors. Scissors decapitates lizard. Lizard eats paper. Paper disproves
Spock. Spock vaporizes rock. And as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Raj: Okay, I think I got it. (They prepare)
Together: Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock! (Both hold up the symbol for Spock) Oh!
Howard (entering, wearing an eye patch): Hello, boys.
Leonard: Ahoy, matey.
Howard: Noticed the eye patch, did you? It’s all part of a technique I’ve been studying for picking up
women. You employ a visual display designed to make yourself distinctive and memorable.
Sheldon: Oh yes, like the male peacock with brilliant plumage or the rutting baboon with engorged
hindquarters.
Leonard: Or in this case, the bar mitzvah boy with pinkeye.
Howard: Mock me if you will, but it works. You show up at a club in something distinctive, scope out
your target and toss out some negs.

Raj: What are negs?
Howard: A neg is a negative compliment that throws a pretty woman off her game, like “Normally,
I’m not turned on by big teeth, but on you, they work.” I’ve got a whole list of ‘em. Who wants to be
my wingman?
Leonard: You’re not gonna need wingman, you’re gonna need a paramedic.
Penny (entering): Howard, your scooter’s blocking my car. Aw, did you get pinkeye again?
Howard: Step one, she notices the eye patch. May I say, Penny, not a lot of women could look as hot
as you do with such greasy hair? (She reaches out, pulls his eye patch away from his face, then lets go
allowing the elastic to spring it back into place.)
Penny: Yeah, just move your stupid scooter before I pick it up and throw it in the dumpster.
Howard: Ow.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The same.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, but I’m not going to watch the Clone Wars TV series until I’ve seen the Clone
Wars movie. I prefer to let George Lucas disappoint me in the order he intended.
Leonard: Well, I want to watch it now.
Sheldon: Then I believe we’ve arrived at another quintessential rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock
moment.
Leonard: Watch whatever you want.
Raj: I saw what you did there.
Sheldon: What did I do?
Leonard (answering phone): Hello. Hey, Howard. What’s wrong? Okay. Okay, we’ll be right there.
Sheldon: What happened?
Leonard: Howard’s at the Mars Rover lab. He says he’s in trouble. Defcon 5.
Sheldon: Defcon 5? Well, there’s no need to rush.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Defcon 5 means no danger. Defcon 1 is a crisis.
Leonard: How can 5 not be worse than 1?
Raj: Yeah, Star Trek V, worse than I.

Sheldon: Okay, first of all, that’s a comparison of quality, not intensity. Secondly, Star Trek I is
orders-of-magnitude worse than Star Trek V.
Raj: Are you joking? Star Trek V is the standard against which all badness is measured.
Sheldon: No, no, no. Star Trek V has specific failures in writing and direction, while Star Trek I fails
across the board, art direction, costuming, music, sound editing.
Leonard: Can we just forget I said Defcon and go?
Raj: Star Trek V!
Scene: A corridor at the university
Sheldon: All right, will you at least stipulate that Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is inarguably the
best?
Raj: I have three words for you. Wrath of Khan.
Howard: Oh, thank God, you’re here.
Leonard: What’s the emergency?
Howard: I got the Mars Rover stuck in a ditch.
Sheldon: Where?
Howard: On a dusty highway just outside Bakersfield. Where do you think? On Mars!
Woman (peering out of door): Howard, is everything okay?
Howard: Yeah, baby, I’ll be right in.
Sheldon: You brought a girl to the Mars Rover control room?
Howard: Yeah, I picked her up in the bar. She’s a doctor. One free barium enema and my mother
won’t care she’s not Jewish.
Leonard: Wait a minute, so the eye patch and the insults worked?
Howard: No, there were three other guys with eye patches, iIt was a fiasco. What did work was,
“How’d you like to visit a secret government facility?”
Sheldon: So what exactly do you want us to do?
Howard: I need you and Raj to help me get the Rover out of the ditch, and I need you to get Stephanie
out before somebody notices she’s here. She doesn’t exactly have clearance.
Sheldon: Really? They don’t let strange women from honky-tonks come in and play with $200million
government projects on distant planets?

Howard: Yes, I was bad. Maybe she’ll spank me. Can we please move on?
Girl: Hey, Howard, you know, it’s getting late, so do I get to drive this thing or what?
Howard: Yeah. No. I’m sorry, but something’s come up. Kind of a Mars Rover, Mars Rover, can
Howard come over, situation. So my friend Leonard is gonna take you home.
Girl: Oh, okay. Let’s go, friend Leonard.
Leonard: Okay.
Howard: I’ll call ya.
Girl: Yeah. So are you a scientist like Howard?
Leonard: No one’s a scientist like Howard.
Howard: My mother is so gonna love her.
Sheldon: Oh, how nice. Maybe they can carpool when they visit you in federal prison.
Scene: Leonard’s car. Leonard and the girl are kissing.
Girl: I’m sorry. I totally interrupted you. What, what, what were you saying?
Leonard: Just said Howard’s a terrific guy. He’s got a great sense of humour, he loves his mother, a
lot, some people say too much.
Girl: I really like that you’re such a loyal friend.
Leonard: Yeah, I am loyal. You know, if you look at the big picture. Just, out of curiosity, did he ever
have a shot with you?
Girl: Are you insane? The guy was wearing an eye patch.
Leonard: Then why did you?
Girl: He said that I could drive a car on Mars.
Leonard: Got it. So, can I see you again?
Girl: You’re not gonna see me now.
Leonard: Ooh. Cool.
Scene: The Mars Rover control room.
Howard: Anything?
Raj: Actually, I was just checking my e-mail. But, uh, no, the Rover is not responding.

Sheldon: I believe the appropriate metaphor here involves a river of excrement and a Native American
water vessel without any means of propulsion.
Howard: Hang on, there’s got to be other options.
Raj: You could try calling Triple-A, but based on NASA’s latest timetable, they won’t get there for 35
years.
Sheldon: Plus I understand you have to be standing next to the vehicle with your card when they
arrive.
Raj: Oh, snap.
Sheldon: Snap what?
Howard: OK, I guess we have to turn to Plan B.
Raj: What’s Plan B?
Howard: Erase all the hard drives, scrap the surveillance tapes, wipe our fingerprints off every surface
and run.
Sheldon: Why wasn’t that Plan A?
Scene: The apartment.
Voice from television: REPORTER: A NASA spokesman states that due to the loss of data, they will
most likely be unable to determine the cause of the Mars Rover’s malfunction. This is not the first
time an exploratory mission to Mars has ended in disappointment.
Howard: Thank God for Plan B.
Penny: Howard, didn’t you say you worked on the Mars Rover?
Howard: No, you’re mistaken.
Penny: Yeah, when we first met, you said that if I went out with you, I could drive a car on Mars.
Howard: I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Leonard: Psst! Psst!
Sheldon: Will you all excuse me? Leonard is subtly signalling that he’d like to talk to me in private.
Penny: No. Yeah, I remember specifically. You started by asking if I was from Mars because my ass
was out of this world.
Howard: Well, that does sound like me, but no.
Sheldon: Is there some problem?

Leonard: Yeah. Listen, I have to kinda sneak out for a while.
Sheldon: All right, goodbye.
Leonard: No, wait! If anyone asks you where I went, you don’t know.
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Leonard: I can’t tell you that.
Sheldon: Who would ask me?
Leonard: I can’t tell you that, either.
Sheldon: So you brought me in here to inform me that you can’t tell me where you’re going and you
can’t tell me who might ask?
Leonard: Yeah, I really didn’t think this through.
Sheldon: Leonard, a moment.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: If someone, and of course, we don’t know who this would be, does ask where you’ve gone,
what should I say?
Leonard: I don’t know. Just tell them I went to the office.
Sheldon: Are you going to the office?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Then how can I say it convincingly?
Leonard: Just say, Leonard went to the office.
Sheldon: All right. Leonard went to (exaggerated) the office.
Leonard: What is? No, not like that! Just, Leonard went to the office.
Sheldon: This would have worked out a lot better if you’d just told me you were going the office.
Leonard: I’m going to the office.
Sheldon: See? Why don’t I believe you?
Leonard: I’m going out for a while.
Howard: Okay.
Sheldon: Doesn’t anyone want to know where he’s going?

Penny: Okay, where is he going?
Sheldon: Leonard is going to (exaggerated) the office.
Scene: The girl’s apartment.
Leonard: So how was work today?
Girl: Busy. I removed an appendix, a gall bladder and about a foot and a half of bowel.
Leonard: I’m hoping that’s three different guys.
Girl: No, just the one. He didn’t make it. So, how was your day?
Leonard: Oh, you know, I’m a physicist, so, I thought about stuff.
Girl: That’s it?
Leonard: Well, I wrote some of it down.
Girl: Are you done eating?
Leonard: Uh, yeah.
Girl: Oh, good. (Kisses him)
Leonard: If I knew you were waiting, I would’ve swallowed that lasagna whole.
Phone rings. Answering machine: You’ve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard (voice): Hey, Steph, it’s me again, Howard. Listen, if you’re free Friday, maybe we could
have a little something to eat at my place. My mom cooks a hell of a brisket. Let me know. It’s
Howard.
Leonard: I’ve had her brisket. Melts in your mouth.
Time shift
Steph: Maybe we should think about going to the bedroom.
Leonard: That’s a good idea. There’s a bed in there, and I’m very, very, very pro-bed.
Phone rings. Answering machine: You’ve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard (voice): Hey, it’s me again. Just want to let you know the head count for dinner Friday has
gone up. My Aunt Betty and Uncle Elliot are coming in from Palm Springs. Oh, and if anybody
should ask, you’re half-Jewish on your mother’s side. Okay, call me. It’s Howard.
Leonard: Don’t you think we should tell him you’re not interested?
Steph: Do you want me to stop and call him back right now?

Leonard: Dear God, no!
Time shift
Steph (from bedroom door): Oh, Leonard…
Phone rings. Answering machine: You’ve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard (voice): Hey, it’s me again. Howard. Listen, my cousins from Fort Lauderdale are flying in to
meet you so that means we’re gonna have to move the dinner to a restaurant.
Howard’s Mother (voice): Tell her we’re going to the Olive Garden! I have a coupon from the paper.
Howard (voice): We’re not going to the Olive Garden, Mom!
Howard’s Mother (voice): Oh, Mr. Bigshot with his Red Lobster.
Howard (voice): I’ll call you back when we firm up the details. It’s Howard.
Scene: The laundry room
Penny: Oh, hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: New shirts?
Leonard: Yeah, a couple.
Penny: Nice.
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: So, who’s the girl?
Leonard: I’m sorry?
Penny: Well, last time you bought a new shirt was when we were dating.
Leonard: So, uh, what we did was in fact dating?
Penny: Well, yeah, we did have a date.
Leonard: Exactly. Thank you. Do me a favour, tell Koothrappali that next time you see him.
Penny: So, who is she?
Leonard: Oh, she’s a doctor.
Penny: Oh, nice. A doctor doctor, or a you kind of doctor?

Leonard: Doctor doctor. Surgical resident. Smart, pretty. Let me ask you something. If your friend
thinks he’s dating someone, but he’s not because, in fact, you’re dating her, does that make you a bad
person?
Penny: Well, that depends.
Leonard: On what?
Penny: Is that friend Wolowitz?
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Screw him. You’re fine.
Leonard: Are you sure?
Penny: Well, have you slept with her yet? You dog! Good for you.
Leonard: Does that change things?
Penny: No.
Leonard: So why’d you ask?
Penny: I’m nosy. See ya.
Scene: Outside Howard’s front door.
Howard’s Mother (voice): Howard, get the door!
Howard (voice): Really? Is that what you do when someone knocks? Thank you. I had no idea!
(opening door) Hey, buddy. What brings you to my little slice of hell?
Howard’s Mother (voice): Who is it?!
Howard: It’s Leonard!
Howard’s Mother (voice): You’re gonna have to play outside! I’m not dressed to receive!
Howard: No one cares, Ma! So, what’s up?
Leonard: Listen, I need to talk to you about something.
Howard (his phone rings): Momentito. Yello. Oh, Stephanie, thanks for calling me back. I was
worried… Oh… Uh-huh… Uh-huh… Uh-huh… No, I understand… Sure, we can be friends.
Absolutely. Thanks for calling. Yeah, you have a nice day, too. (To Leonard) You are dead to me.
Scene: The apartment
Raj: Okay, who gets the extra dumpling?

All: Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
Sheldon: Okay, one of us is going to have to stop putting up Spock.
Howard: How do we decide that?
All: Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. Oh!
Leonard: Oh, hey, guys.
Sheldon: Hello.
Raj: Hey.
Leonard: Hi, Howard. Howard?
Howard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Howard is employing a schoolyard paradigm in which you are, for all intents and purposes,
deceased. He intends to act on this by not speaking to you, feigning an inability to hear you when you
speak and otherwise refusing to acknowledge your existence.
Leonard: That’s just ridiculous. Why are you cooperating with him?
Sheldon: I don’t make the rules, Leonard.
Leonard: Howard, come on, I didn’t plan on this. These things just happen. Usually not to me, but
they do happen.
Howard: Did someone just feel a cold breeze?
Sheldon: I believe this is an extension of the death metaphor. The cold breeze is the so-called
ectoplasmic issue of a disembodied soul passing by.
Raj: You know, screw it, I’m just gonna eat the dumpling.
Leonard (answering door): Oh, hi, Steph, come on in.
Steph: Is this a bad time?
Leonard: Yeah, but I don’t see a better one on the horizon, so…
Howard: Oh, if it isn’t Mrs. Dead to Me.
Steph: Hello, Howard.
Howard: Sheldon?
Sheldon: Look I’m sorry, you violated the terms of your metaphor by acknowledging her existence.
I’m out.

Leonard: He just won’t listen to me.
Steph: Okay, I guess it’ll just be the three of us then.
Leonard: Hmm. Lisa’s gonna be disappointed.
Steph: Yeah.
Howard: Lisa?
Steph: Yeah, my roommate. She just went through a really bad breakup and I thought she might like
to meet somebody fun like you.
Howard: Leonard, Stephanie, you’re alive, it’s a miracle!
Scene: The apartment kitchen. Howard is on the phone.
Howard: So, anyway, Lisa, I just wanted to tell you again how much I enjoyed the other night, and
again, I’m sorry for how it ended. But again, if you could let me know about Friday. My mother needs
a head count so she can know how big a brisket to get.
Leonard: Howard, Howard, look at this.
Howard: Anyway, call me. It’s Howard.
Voice from TV: The possibility of life on Mars has long fascinated scientists and laypersons alike. It’s
unclear how the Mars Rover got into the crevice, but one thing’s certain, the data which it has sent
back contain the first clear indications that there may have been life on Mars. It’s a scientific
discovery that has staggering implications for all mankind. Unfortunately, we’ll never know who’s
responsible.
Howard: Son of a bitch.

