Series 4 Episode 01 – 
The Robotic Manipulation
Scene: The apartment. A robotic arm is extracting some Chinese takeaway from a bag controlled by Howard.


Howard: And now the kung pao chicken.

Leonard: Alright.

Raj: Smooth.

Howard: And finally, my moo shu pork.

Raj: Whoo-hoo!

Howard: Ah, there you have it, gentlemen. Our entire dinner unpacked by robot.

Raj: And it only took 28 minutes.

Sheldon: Impressive, but we must be cautious.

Howard: Why?

Sheldon: Today, it’s a Chinese food retrieval robot. Tomorrow, it travels back in time and tries to kill Sarah Connor.

Leonard: I don’t think that’s going to happen, Sheldon.

Sheldon: No one ever does. That’s why it happens.

Penny (arriving): Hey. Is the food here? Ooh. What’s that?

Howard: That, dear lady, is the Wolowitz Programmable Hand, designed for extravehicular repairs on the International Space Station.

Penny: Ah, cool.

Howard: Ask me to pass the soy sauce.

Penny: Oh, does that come up much on the space station?

Howard: Mostly with Asian and Jewish astronauts.

Penny: All right. Pass the soy sauce.

Howard: Coming up. (Starts typing rapidly)

Leonard: So how’s work?

Penny: Oh, it’s not bad. Kind of hungry.

Leonard: Yeah, we all are.

Howard: Just wait.

Sheldon: You realize, Penny, that the technology that went into this arm will one day make unskilled food servers such as yourself obsolete.

Penny: Really? They’re going to make a robot that spits on your hamburger?

Sheldon: I thought you broke up with her. Why is she here?

Howard: Okay, here we go. Passing the soy sauce. Put out your hand.

Penny: Oh ha-ha, oh. That’s amazing.

Sheldon: I wouldn’t say amazing. At best, it’s a modest leap forward from the basic technology that gave us Country Bear Jamboree.

Howard: Hey, Sheldon?

Sheldon: Yes? (Howard types. The hand puts up two fingers to Sheldon.) Peace?

Howard: No, not peace. Hang on.

Credits sequence.

Scene: A few moments later.

Penny: Does NASA know you’re using that thing as a napkin holder?

Howard: You kidding? They still think it’s in a secure locker at JPL.

Penny: You stole it?

Howard: Borrowed. The trick is to carry it out to your car like you own it.

Sheldon (phone gives text alert): Excuse me. Oh. Amy’s at the dry cleaners, and she’s made a very amusing pun. “I don’t care for perchloroethylene, and I don’t like glycol ether.” Get it? She doesn’t like glycol ether. Sounds like either. (Taps in reply) L-O-L.

Penny: Who’s Amy?

Leonard: His girlfriend.

Penny: Sheldon has a girlfriend?

Sheldon: She’s not my girlfriend.

Penny: How long has this been going on?

Leonard: Four months.

Sheldon: She’s not my girlfriend.

Penny: Are you telling me, for the past four months I have been asking you what’s new and you never thought to go with Sheldon has a girlfriend?

Sheldon: She’s not my girlfriend.

Penny: Ah, du-du-du-du-du. How did they meet?

Howard: Raj and I entered Sheldon’s information on a dating site, and it spit out Amy Farrah Fowler.

Penny: Oh, my God! Sheldon and Amy.

Howard: Or, as we call them, Shamy.

Penny (squeals): Shamy. I am so digging the Shamy.

Sheldon: All right, everyone pay attention. Yes, I have a friend named Amy Farrah Fowler. Yes, she is female. Yes, we communicate on a daily basis, but no, she is not my girlfriend.

Penny: Okay, well, what do you communicate about?

Sheldon: Well, my work in physics, her work in neurobiology, and most recently, the possibility of our having a child together.

Penny (spits out drink explosively. Howard types. Robot arm hands Penny a napkin): Thank you.

Leonard: Wait a minute– a child? You never see this girl. You just e-mail and text and Twitter. Now you’re considering having a baby?

Sheldon: Amy pointed out that between the two of us, our genetic material has the potential of producing the first in a line of intellectually superior, benign overlords to guide humanity to a brighter tomorrow.

Howard: I’m guessing that future historians will condemn us for not taking this opportunity to kill Sheldon.

Penny: Okay, I have a question.

Sheldon: Yes, Penny.

Penny: You don’t even like people touching you. How are you going to have sex?

Sheldon: Why on Earth would we have sex?

Penny: Oh, honey, did your mom not have the talk with you? You know, when your private parts started growing?

Sheldon: I’m quite aware of the way humans usually reproduce, which is messy, unsanitary, and based on living next to you for three years, involves loud and unnecessary appeals to a deity.

Penny: Oh, God.

Sheldon: Yes, exactly. Consequently, if Amy and I choose to bring new life into this world, it will be accomplished clinically, with fertility experts in a lab with petri dishes. Which reminds me, you have broad hips and a certain corn-fed vigour. Is your womb available for rental?

Leonard: Still digging the Shamy?

Penny: Look, Sheldon, before you race off to the fertility clinic, you might want to think about, uh gee, I don’t know, maybe actually spending some time with her.

Sheldon: You mean dating?

Penny: Yeah.

Sheldon: I can’t date Amy.

Penny: Why not?

Sheldon: She’s not my girlfriend.

Penny: Okay, look, don’t think of it as dating a girlfriend. Think of it as, uh, getting to know the future mother of your child.

Sheldon: Oh. I hadn’t considered that. I suppose she will have to have access to our progeny. And you don’t think I can achieve the required intimacy via text messaging?

Penny: Probably not.

Sheldon: Huh. It would appear as if the phone companies have been lying to me.

Scene: The hallway.


Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.

Penny: You do realize I stand on the other side of the door waiting for you to finish knocking three times.

Sheldon: I know. I can see the shadow of your feet under the door.

Penny: Yeah, my point is it’s a waste of time.

Sheldon: If you’re looking for an example of a waste of time, I would refer you to the conversation we’re having right now.

Penny: What do you want?

Sheldon: I’ve decided to take your advice and have arranged to go on a date with Amy Farrah Fowler.

Penny: Oh, that’s great. Have fun.

Sheldon: Wait. You have to drive me.

Penny: What?

Sheldon: You know I don’t drive.

Penny: Well, go ask Leonard.

Sheldon: I did. He said, and I quote, ask Penny, it was her cockamamie idea.

Penny: Leonard said cockamamie?

Sheldon: Actually, I’m paraphrasing. Having been raised in a Christian household, I’m uncomfortable with the language he used. And to be honest, I’m not entirely comfortable with cockamamie.

Penny: Okay, fine. When’s the date?

Sheldon: Now.

Penny: Now?

Sheldon: Hurry. We’re going to be late.

Penny: Sheldon, did it ever occur to you that I might have other plans?

Sheldon: I’m sorry. Do you have other plans?

Penny: Well, no, not per se, but…

Sheldon: So this conversation is as pointless as your door-knocking soliloquy?

Penny: Let me get my cockamamie keys.

Scene: Howard’s bedroom. Howard is being massaged by the robot hand.

Howard: Oh, God, that feels so good. Yeah, that’s the spot. Oh, baby.

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, dinner’s ready!

Howard: I’ll eat later. I’m busy! Oh, yeah. Just like a real hand. Hmm.

Scene: Penny’s car.

Sheldon: Thank you for driving me.

Penny: You’re welcome.

Sheldon: I wish you weren’t wearing flip-flops. It’s dangerous to drive in flip-flops.

Penny: Sheldon.

Sheldon: Sorry. I just don’t want to be yet another flip-flop fatality.

Penny: Can I ask you a question?

Sheldon: Given your community college education, I encourage you to ask me as many as possible.

Penny: Yeah. Well, my question is, and I’m pretty sure I know the answer, is this your first date?

Sheldon: That depends. Does square-dancing with my sister at a Teens for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown count as a date?

Penny: No.

Sheldon: Then, this is my first date.

Penny: Okay. Well, then, there’s a couple of things you should probably know.

Sheldon: I have a master’s degree and two doctorates. The things I should know, I do know.

Penny: My point is, I know more about dating than you, and if you were as smart as you think you are, you would listen to me.

Sheldon: If you know so much, how come I have a date tonight and you have nothing better to do than drive me to it?

Penny: Fair point.

Scene: The apartment.

Raj: You know, there’s something I’ve always wondered about Aquaman.

Leonard: Yeah?

Raj: Where does he poop?

Leonard: What?

Raj: What would a toilet look like in Atlantis? How would you flush it? And when you did flush it, where would the poop go?

Leonard (phone rings): Hold that thought. Hey, Howard, what’s going on? What? Hold on, Howard, Howard, slow down. The robot hand is stuck on your what? (To Raj) You’re not going to believe this.

Scene: Penny’s car. Amy is now in the back seat.

Penny: So, um, Amy, Sheldon tells me you’re a neuro something-or-other.

Amy: Neurobiologist. Your check engine light is on.

Penny: Yeah, it’s okay.

Amy: But the light indicates…

Sheldon: Don’t bother. I’ve wasted many an hour tilting at that particular windmill.

Penny: Um, what is that scent you’re wearing? It smells great.

Amy: Dandruff shampoo. I have dry scalp.

Penny: Ah. Well, your hair looks very nice.

Amy: Are you a homosexual?

Penny: No, no, I was just giving you a compliment.

Amy: Hmm. Would have been more flattered if you were a homosexual.

Penny: Guys, how ’bout some music?

Sheldon: Oh, no, I wouldn’t care for that. Amy?

Amy: No, thank you.

Penny: Okay. Uncomfortable silence it is. Hey, Sheldon, have you told Amy what it was like for you growing up in Texas?

Sheldon: No.

Penny: Well, why don’t you tell her?

Sheldon: All right. It was hell.

Penny: Any follow up, Amy?

Amy: No.

Penny: I myself grew up in Nebraska. Small town outside of Omaha. You know, nice place, mostly family farms, a few meth labs.

Sheldon: I’m sorry, how is this better than uncomfortable silence?

Penny: I don’t know. I was just trying something.

Sheldon: Muggles.

Scene: Howard’s bedroom.

Raj: You slipped and fell into a robot hand?

Howard: Yes.

Raj: Penis first?

Howard: Yes. Now, help me!

Leonard: I’d suggest a lubricant, but I have a feeling you fell on some of that as well.

Howard: Not funny, Leonard.

Raj: Really? A robot hand’s got a death grip on your junk, dude. That’s funny, ask anyone.

Howard: Please, before my mother walks in, just get this off me!

Leonard: Okay, let’s see.

Howard: No, no! Don’t touch, the program is paused.

Leonard: Well, then let’s un-pause it.

Howard: No, no! I loaded the wrong program. The hand thinks it’s holding a screwdriver in outer space. If you continue the program, it’s gonna start twisting.

Raj: A-All right, um, how about this. When, when Winnie the Pooh got his head stuck in the honey tree, his friends all grabbed onto him and pulled and pulled.

Leonard: You do what you want, I’m not touching another man’s honey tree.

Raj: All right, uh, forget pulling. How about we get an electric saw and cut it off?

Howard: What? No saws! One circumcision was enough.

Leonard: How about an acetylene torch?

Howard: Okay, I can’t believe this needs to be said out loud. No pulling, no saws, no torches.

Leonard: Well, then what do you want us to do?

Howard: I…

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, I made cookies for you and your little friends!

Howard: That’s great, Mom, thanks!

Mrs Wolowitz (off): I’ll bring them up with some Hawaiian Punch!

Howard: Don’t come up here!

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Why not?! Are you ashamed of your mother?!

Howard: Yes, but that’s not the point! Get me out of here.

Leonard: You have any ideas, Raj?

Raj: Right now, all I can think about is cookies and Hawaiian Punch.

Scene: A restaurant.

Penny: Hey, here’s another possible topic of conversation. This is a big night for Sheldon. Right, Sheldon?

Sheldon: Big night? The winter solstice is a big night. It’s over 14 hours in Southern California.

Amy: That’s an amusing factoid.

Sheldon: Thank you.

Penny: No, no. My point is, uh, tonight is Sheldon’s first official date. Discuss.

Amy: Is this true?

Sheldon: Apparently, a semi-incestuous Teens for Jesus Fourth of July Hoedown didn’t count.

Penny: So, um, Amy, what about you? Do you date much?

Amy: Once a year. It’s a deal I made with my mother in exchange for her silence on the matter, as well as the occasional use of her George Foreman Grill that seals in the flavour without the fat. How about you, Penny? Do you go on many dates?

Penny: Uh, yeah, I wouldn’t say many. A few. (Sheldon laugh’s strangely). What’s (imitates Sheldon’s laugh)


Sheldon: Your characterization of approximately 171 different men as a few.

Penny: What? Where did you get 171 men?

Sheldon: Simple extrapolation. In the three years that I’ve known you, you were single for two. During that time, I saw 17 different suitors. If we work backwards, correcting for observation bias and postulate an initial dating age of 15…

Penny: Whoa, wait, wait, wait. I did not start dating at 15.

Sheldon: I’m sorry. 16?

Penny: 14.

Sheldon: My mistake. Now, assuming the left side of a bell curve peaking around the present, that would bring the total up to 193 men. Plus or minus eight men.

Amy: Remarkable. Did you have sexual intercourse with all of these men?

Penny: No.

Sheldon: Although that number would be fairly easy to calculate.

Penny: Oh.

Sheldon: Based on the number of awkward encounters I’ve had with strange men leaving her apartment in the morning, plus the number of times she’s returned home wearing the same clothes she wore the night before…

Penny: Okay, Sheldon, I think you’ve made your point.

Sheldon: So we multiply 193, minus 21 men before the loss of virginity, so 172 times 0.18 gives us 30.96 sexual partners. Let’s round that up to 31.

Penny: Okay, Sheldon, you are so wrong. That is not even close to the real number. I’m gonna need a drink over here.

Amy: This is very interesting. Cultural perceptions are subjective. Penny, to your mind, are you a slut?

Penny: No! No! No. Let’s just all finish our dinners, okay?

Sheldon: This is an interesting topic. How many sexual encounters have you had?

Amy: Does volunteering for a scientific experiment in which orgasm was achieved by electronically stimulating the pleasure centres of the brain count?

Sheldon: I should think so.

Amy: Then 128.

Scene: A hospital,=.

Leonard: Okay, come on. Almost there.

Howard: Don’t tug. No tugging.

Raj: Next time, take your own advice.

Leonard: Excuse me, could you help us out?

Nurse: My, my, my. What do we have here?

Howard: I slipped and fell.

Nurse: Yeah, we get that a lot. What is this?

Howard: It’s a robot arm.

Nurse: Where’s the rest of the robot?

Howard: I only built the arm.

Nurse: ‘Cause that’s all you needed, right?

Howard: Can you please just help me?

Nurse: All right, all right. Hang on, stay calm. (Over PA system) I need an orderly with a wheelchair. I got a robot hand grasping a man’s penis out here.

Howard: You think you could be a little more discreet?

Nurse: I’m sorry, we don’t have a code for robot hand grasping a man’s penis. Why is it hooked up to a computer?

Leonard: Uh, it’s what controls the arm.

Howard: But it’s frozen.

Nurse: Did you try turning it off and back on again?

Howard: No, you see, it’s more complicated than that. (Nurse switches off computer) No, wait! (The hand lets go) Winnie the Pooh is out of the honey tree.

Raj: Now can we have cookies and Hawaiian Punch?

Scene: The stairwell. 

Sheldon: You were right. This was a very productive evening. I saw a whole new side of Amy Farrah Fowler tonight.

Penny: I did not have sex with 31 guys.

Sheldon: I’ll be happy to check the math, but numbers don’t lie, Penny. In any event, now that Amy and I have spent quality time together, I feel much more confident proceeding to the next stage of our relationship.

Penny: And that is?

Sheldon: Using in vitro fertilization and a surrogate uterus to gift humanity with our progeny.

Penny: You’re still on that?

Sheldon: In these uncertain times, doesn’t humanity deserve a gift?

Penny: Okay, you know what? I’m gonna come at this in a whole new way. Sheldon, if you try to make a baby with Amy in a petri dish, I’m gonna tell your mother on you.

Sheldon: That’s no threat. My mother’s always wanted a grandchild.

Penny: Really? Your deeply religious born-again Christian mother wants a test-tube grandbaby born out of wedlock?

Sheldon: Curses.

Penny: If I’d thought of that in the first place, I could’ve saved myself this whole night.

Sheldon: Well, it’s not that late. You could still go out and look for number 32. Good night.

Leonard (on phone): Hey, Howard, what’s up?

Sheldon: I’ve decided not to procreate.

Leonard: Yeah, yeah, great. Howard, uh, slow down. What do you mean it happened again?






































Series 4 Episode 02 – The Cruciferous Vegetable Amplification
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon has a series of whiteboards across the room.

Leonard: Whatcha doin’ there? Working on a new plan to catch the roadrunner?

Sheldon: The humorous implication being that I am Wile E. Coyote?

Leonard: Yes.

Sheldon: And this is a schematic for a bird-trapping device that will ultimately backfire and cause me physical injury?

Leonard: Yes.

Sheldon: What I’m doing here is trying to determine when I’m going to die.

Leonard: A lot of people are working on that research. So what is all this?

Sheldon: My family history factoring in longevity, propensity for disease, et cetera.

Leonard: Interesting. Cause of death for Uncle Carl was KBB. What’s KBB?

Sheldon: Killed by badger.

Leonard: How’s that?

Sheldon: It was Thanksgiving. Uncle Carl said, I think there’s a badger living in our chimney. Hand me that flashlight. Those were the last words he ever spoke to us.

Leonard: I don’t think you need to worry about death by badgers being hereditary.

Sheldon: Not true. The fight or flight instinct is coded genetically. Instead of fleeing, he chose to fight barehanded against a brawny member of the weasel family. Who’s to say that I don’t share that flawed DNA?

Leonard: You can always get a badger and find out.

Sheldon: But seriously, even if I disregard the Uncle Carl factor, at best I have 60 years left.

Leonard: That long, huh?

Sheldon: 60 only takes me to here. I need to get to here.

Leonard: What’s there?

Sheldon: The earliest estimate of the singularity, when man will be able to transfer his consciousness into machines and achieve immortality.

Leonard: So, you’re upset about missing out on becoming some sort of freakish self-aware robot?

Sheldon: By this much.

Leonard: Tough break. You want eggs?

Sheldon: You don’t get it, Leonard. I’m going to miss so much, the unified field theory,  cold fusion, the dogapus.

Leonard: What’s a dogapus?

Sheldon: A hybrid dog and octopus. Man’s underwater best friend.

Leonard: Is somebody working on that?

Sheldon: I was going to. I planned on giving it to myself on my 300th birthday.

Leonard: Wait a minute. You hate dogs.

Sheldon: A dogapus can play fetch with eight balls. No one can hate that.

Credits sequence.

Scene: The apartment.

Howard: What do we owe you?

Leonard: It came to $28.17. Let’s say six bucks apiece.

Howard: Here you go.

Leonard: Thank you.

Penny: What?

Leonard: Never mind. I got it.

Penny: Oh, you wanted me to pay.

Leonard: It’s no big deal.

Penny: No, no, no, no. You’re right. We’re not going out anymore, I should pay for myself. (After Raj whispers to Howard, and Howard laughs) What?

Howard: He said if he had woman parts, he’d eat for free the rest of his life.

Penny: Yeah, but you wouldn’t be able to talk to yourself. I’m a little low on cash.

Leonard: Hmm? How much you got?

Penny: Nothing.

Leonard: How can you walk around with no money?

Penny: I’m cute. I get by.

Leonard: It’s okay, you can owe me.

Penny: Okay.

Leonard: Sheldon, six bucks.

Sheldon: No, thank you. I’m not eating pizza tonight.

Penny: But it’s Thursday. Thursday’s pizza night.

Sheldon: Not for me. Thursday is now Cruciferous Vegetable Night. Tonight’s selection, brussels sprouts.

Howard: Really? You’re changing the Sheldonian calendar?

Sheldon: It’s a small price to pay.

Penny: For what?

Leonard: No, no, don’t ask.

Penny: Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Sheldon: In order to live long enough to fuse my consciousness with cybernetics, I need to change my diet.

Penny: Wait. Cybernetics is robot stuff, right?

Sheldon: Correct.

Penny: So you want to turn yourself into some sort of robot?

Sheldon: Essentially, yes.

Penny: Okay, here’s my question. Didn’t you already do that?

Sheldon: Flattering, but sadly, no. I’m also planning to begin an exercise regimen designed to strengthen my cardiovascular system. AKA jogging.

Penny: Wait. Honey,have you ever run before?

Sheldon: Certainly. I’ve run from bullies, dogs, angry chickens, and one particularly persistent P.E. teacher determined to bend me over and give me a scoliosis test.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): You’re right, Penny jogs. Maybe you guys can run together.

Sheldon: That’s an excellent idea. Yeah, if we chat, it will create the illusion of time going faster.

Penny: No, it won’t. Um, how does he know I jog?

Howard: Oh, he watches you from his car with high-powered binoculars.

Penny: Oh, my God, that is so creepy!

Howard: I know! (Raj whispers to him) And he says he’s not gonna stop. (Raj whispers to him urgently) Then see a shrink and figure out how to talk to women.

Scene: Leonard’s bedroom

Sheldon (off): (Knock, knock, knock) Ugh. (Knock, knock, knock) U-u-ugh. (Knock, knock, knock) Lenu-u-ugh.

Leonard: What the hell? What’s the matter?

Sheldon: I have pain radiating from my navel to my lower right abdomen. I’m nauseated and feverish. I believe I may have cholera.

Leonard: There’s no cholera in Pasadena. Just like last summer, when there was no malaria in Pasadena.

Sheldon: Well, if it’s not cholera, then based on a quick Internet search, the other explanations in decreasing order of likelihood are Hirschsprung’s Disease, botulism, a 30-foot tapeworm or accidental ingestion of chrysanthemum blossoms.

Leonard: When would you have accidentally eaten chrysanthemum blossoms?

Sheldon: It’s part of an unlikely scenario that involves sleepwalking and a 24-hour flower mart with a less-than-vigilant proprietor. Oh, Lord, my belly!

Leonard: Have you had your appendix out?

Sheldon: I haven’t. I’ve been meaning to, but who has the time?

Leonard: Let’s get you to the hospital.

Sheldon: So this is how it ends, with cruel irony. Just as I make the commitment to preserving my body, I am betrayed by my appendix, a vestigial organ. Do you know the original purpose of the appendix, Leonard?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: I do. And yet I’m doomed while you live on.

Leonard: Funny how things work out, isn’t it?

Sheldon: Oh, Lord, I think it’s about to burst! (Loud sound of farting) On the other hand, it might have been the Brussels sprouts.

Leonard: Good night.

Sheldon: Good night. Appendicitis. What a nervous Nelly.

Scene: The hallway.


Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.

Penny: Coming, coming. Hey, nice knees.

Sheldon: Thank you. They’re my mother’s.

Penny: Oh. And the Flash shirt is what? Because you’re gonna run really fast?

Sheldon: No, the Flash shirt is because it’s Friday, but it’s nice when things work out. Where’s your heart rate monitor?

Penny: I don’t have one.

Sheldon: What about your pedometer?

Penny: Don’t have one.

Sheldon: Do you have telematics in your shoes connected to an iPod?

Penny: Uh, no.

Sheldon: What do you do, you just go out there and gambol about like a bunny?

Penny: No. I just run till I’m hungry, then I stop for a bear claw.

Sheldon: Why are you doing that?

Penny: It’s good to stretch your muscles before you run.

Sheldon: All right.

Penny: All right, let’s start with a toe touch. Okay, you do it.

Sheldon: I am doing it.

Penny: Oh. Wow. Good job. Okay, um, can you do this?

Sheldon: We’ll never know.

Penny: Okay, let’s just warm up on the run.

Sheldon: Okay.

Penny: Okay, let’s go.

Sheldon: Yeah, I’ve been reading up on biomechanics. I think you’ll be surprised at my… Wah! Oh!

Penny (squealing): Oh, my God, are you okay?

Sheldon: I think so.

Penny: Oh, let me help you up.

Sheldon: Thank you. (Loud sound of farting)

Penny: Oh, Sheldon!

Sheldon: If it makes you feel any better, Thursday is no longer Cruciferous Vegetable Night.

Scene: The apartment. 


Leonard: Here’s my chicken curry. Howard, your shrimp biryani.

Howard: Thank you, sir.

Leonard: Palak paneer, that’s Penny.

Penny: Thanks.

Leonard: And for Rajesh Koothrappali, from whose homeland these tasty dishes originate, one large order of chicken McNuggets.

Penny: Hey, what’s my share?

Leonard: Uh, 12 bucks.

Penny: Okay, can I get you after Friday when I get paid?

Leonard: Sure.

Penny: What am I up to now?

Leonard: Well, okay, with the Indian food, the pizza, the Thai food, the tank of gas, the frozen yogurt and your rent, uh, a little over fourteen hundred dollars.

Penny (after Raj whispers to Howard and they both laugh): What now?

Howard: He’s just expressing his admiration that you don’t even have to put out to get free stuff.

Penny: It’s not free, I’m gonna pay him back. (Raj whispers. Both laugh again) Shut up!

Leonard: Sheldon, are you gonna join us?

Sheldon: Coming! (From the bedroom area, a wheeled device consisting of a base, a tee-shirt on a coat hanger, and a computer monitor with Sheldon’s face, appears). Greetings, friends.

Leonard: Greetings, whatever the hell you are.

Sheldon-bot: I am a mobile virtual presence device. Recent events have demonstrated to me that my body is too fragile to endure the vicissitudes of the world. Until such time as I am able to transfer my consciousness, I shall remain in a secure location and interact with the world in this manner.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): Really? That’s your question? When did he put a ramp in?

Sheldon-bot: You’re in my spot. This may seem a little odd at first, but over time you’ll grow accustomed to dealing with me in this configuration.

Penny: Yeah, to be honest, I don’t see much difference.

Sheldon-bot: Thank you. That’s what I was going for. Now, Leonard, tomorrow, when we go to work, you’ll need to allow some extra time to get me down the stairs. For your convenience, I disassemble into four pieces.

Leonard: This is ridiculous. I’m coming to talk to you.

Sheldon-bot: You don’t know where I am. My physical body is safely ensconced in a secure, undisclosed location.

Leonard: You’re in your bedroom.

Sheldon-bot: No, I’m not.

Leonard: I can hear your voice coming from your bedroom.

Sheldon-bot: No, you can’t. Wait. Come back. Halt. Authorized personnel only!

Penny: So, either one of you weirdos want to buy my underwear? Only fourteen hundred bucks.

Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.

Leonard: Sheldon, this is ridiculous.

Sheldon: I’m behind you. Please look at me when you’re talking to me.

Leonard: I am looking at you.

Sheldon: No, you’re not. Pay no attention to that man in the bed.

Leonard: You cannot exist as a virtual presence. Not here and certainly not at work. Oh, good God.

Sheldon: At my age, do you know how I’m statistically most likely to die?

Leonard: At the hands of your roommate?

Sheldon: An accident.

Leonard: That’s how I’m going to make it look.

Sheldon: Until I can transfer my intellect to a more durable container, my body will remain safely ensconced in my bed.

Leonard: Fine, but don’t expect my help.

Sheldon: You have to help, it’s in the roommate agreement.

Leonard: No, it’s not.

Sheldon: Section 74.C. The various obligations and duties of the parties in the event one of them becomes a robot.

Leonard: I’ll be damned.

Scene: Leonard’s car

Sheldon-bot: This is delightful.

Leonard: Uh-huh.

Sheldon-bot: It’s much easier to enjoy the picturesque route we travel to work when you remove the spectre of fiery vehicular death.

Leonard: Refresh my memory. Why didn’t I just put you in the trunk?

Sheldon-bot: Because I called shotgun. Remember?

Leonard: Right.

Sheldon-bot: You seem tense. Perhaps this will relax you.

Leonard: I don’t want to listen to music, Sheldon.

Sheldon-bot: Very well. I don’t understand why you’re not enjoying this. Together, in this car, with my enhanced capabilities, we’re like Knight Rider.

Leonard: Except in Knight Rider, the car isn’t a yammering sphincter.

Sheldon-bot: You mock the sphincter, but the sphincter is a class of muscle without which human beings couldn’t survive. There are over 50 different sphincters in the human body. How many can you name?

Leonard: I was wrong, this is exactly like Knight Rider.

Sheldon-bot: Perhaps you’d be interested in a different game.

Leonard: No.

Sheldon-bot: This is a photograph of the 1911 Solvay Conference on the theory of radiation and quanta. Using Photoshop, I’ve introduced a few anachronisms. See if you can spot all 24. I’ll give you the first one. Madame Curie should not be wearing a digital watch. And go.

Leonard: That’s it. Bye-bye. (Turns off screen.)

Sheldon-bot (screen switching itself back on): Bazinga.

Leonard: Whoa!

Sheldon-bot: I have an override switch.

Leonard: I almost died!

Sheldon-bot : And I’m safe and sound in bed. Who’s crazy now?

Leonard: I’m still going to go with you.

Scene: A corridor at the university.

Sheldon-bot : Hello, Professor Hoskins. Nice to see you, Mindy. Konichi-wa Dr. Nakamora. Sorry the Swedes disproved your theory. Leonard, my door.

Leonard: What about it?

Sheldon-bot : Be a lamb and open it for me.

Leonard: Why? What’s the problem?

Sheldon-bot : You think you have me stymied, don’t you?

Leonard: No, I think a doorknob has you stymied.

Howard: Oh, look, it’s Leonard and R2-D-Bag.

Raj: That’s my joke. I told it last night. You can’t just use it.

Sheldon-bot : Raj, be a lamb and open the door for me.

Raj: Oh, sure.

Sheldon-bot : He’s a lamb. You’re not.

Raj: I’m a lamb.

Scene: The Cheesecake Factory

Sheldon-bot : Isn’t this nice? The pleasures of fellowship and camaraderie without having to tolerate your germy breath on my skin.

Howard: I say we just take him to Tatooine and sell him to some Jawas.

Raj: That’s two, dude. Write your own jokes.

Penny: Oh, great. Hi, I’m Penny, I’ll be your waitress.

Leonard: Why are you introducing yourself?

Penny: I’d rather people not know I have any prior connection to you whatsoever.

Sheldon-bot : Can you tell me the specials this evening?

Penny: Sheldon, I’m not waiting on you.

Sheldon-bot: Obviously. I don’t even have water yet.

Penny: Because you’re not here.

Sheldon-bot: That’s discrimination against the otherwise located. I’m going to have to go over your head. Manager, manager. Oh, Lord, look who it is.

Howard: Is that Steve Wozniak?

Leonard: I think it is.

Sheldon-bot : The Great and Powerful Woz.

Leonard: Penny, Steve Wozniak was one of the cofounders of Apple Computer. He and Steve Jobs started it…

Penny: Yeah, I know who he is. I watch Dancing with the Stars.

Sheldon-bot : I must speak to him.

Leonard: Of course you must.

Penny: You know, there’s an Olive Garden down the street. You guys should try it sometime.

Sheldon-bot : Excuse me, Mr. Wozniak?

Steve Wozniak: Oh, hey. Nice virtual presence device.

Sheldon-bot : Thank you. I just want to say I’m a big fan. You’re my fifteenth favourite technological visionary.

Steve Wozniak: Only fifteenth?

Sheldon-bot : It’s still six spots above Steve Jobs. I care neither for turtlenecks nor showmanship.

Steve Wozniak: Yeah, I never got that turtleneck thing.

Sheldon-bot : One of my proudest possessions is a vintage 1977 Apple Two. Despite the file system limitations of Apple DOS 3.3, it was a pretty nifty little achievement.

Steve Wozniak: Thanks, we were shooting for nifty. You know, if you had it here, I’d autograph it for you.

Sheldon-bot: Don’t move for 15 to 30 minutes, depending on how the buses are running.

Steve Wozniak: Nerds.

Scene: The hallway. Sheldon exits carrying the Apple 2.

Sheldon: I’m coming, Woz, I’m coming. (Trips on stairs.) Ow! Aw.

Scene: The hallway. Sheldon-bot approaches Penny’s door and starts bashing into it.

Sheldon-bot : (Bash) Penny. (Bash) Penny. (Bash) Penny.

Penny: What up, Shel-Bot?

Sheldon-bot: I can’t get out of bed. I hurt my ankle.

Penny: What do you want me to do?

Sheldon-bot: Sing me Soft Kitty.

Penny: Really, you want me to sing Soft Kitty to a computer monitor?

Sheldon-bot: Would you rather come over and sing it to me in person?

Penny: Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur.

Sheldon-bot: Closer to the microphone.

Penny: Happy kitty, sleepy…

Sheldon-bot: No. You have to start over.

Penny: Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.



































































Series 4 Episode 03 – 
The Zazzy Substitution
Scene: The apartment. 

Sheldon: All right, I’m ready for my next question.

Amy: In a world where rhinoceroses are domesticated pets, who wins the Second World War?

Sheldon: Uganda.

Amy: Defend.

Sheldon: Kenya rises to power on the export of rhinoceroses. A Central African power block is formed, colonizing North Africa and Europe. When war breaks out, no one can afford the luxury of a rhino. Kenya withers, Uganda triumphs.

Amy: Correct. My turn.

Sheldon: In a world where a piano is a weapon, not a musical instrument, on what does Scott Joplin play The Maple Leaf Rag?

Amy: Tuned bayonets.

Sheldon: Defend.

Amy: Isn’t it obvious?

Sheldon: You’re right. My apologies.

Leonard: What the hell are you guys playing?

Sheldon: It’s a game we invented. It’s called Counterfactuals.

Amy: We postulate an alternate world that differs from ours in one key aspect and then pose questions to each other.

Sheldon: It’s fun for ages eight to eighty. Join us.

Leonard: All right. I like a good brainteaser. Give it a whirl.

Sheldon: You’re in luck, this is an easy one. In a world where mankind is ruled by a giant intelligent beaver, what food is no longer consumed?

Leonard: Uh, a BLT where the B stands for beaver? I don’t know.

Sheldon: Leonard, be serious. We’re playing a game here.

Leonard: I can figure this out, let’s see. Um, well, beavers eat tree bark. The only tree bark I know that humans consume is cinnamon. So, I’ll say cinnamon.

Sheldon: Incorrect. Obviously, the answer is cheese Danish.

Leonard: What?

Amy: In a world ruled by a giant beaver, mankind builds many dams to please the beaver overlord. The low-lying city of Copenhagen is flooded. Thousands die. Devastated, the Danes never invent their namesake pastry. How does one miss that?

Leonard: This is ridiculous. You’re just making stuff up.

Amy: Is he always like this when he loses?

Sheldon: Oh, yes. You should’ve been here for the great Jenga tantrum of 2008.

Leonard: You bumped the table and you know it.

Amy: Perhaps it would be kinder to play a game more suited to his abilities. We’ll close our eyes and count to ten while you hide.

Leonard: I’m going to my room.

Amy: Very good, Leonard. But next time, don’t tell us where you’re hiding.

Credits sequence. 


Scene: The Cheesecake Factory

Leonard: Did you guys see the paper in The American Physics Journal on supersolids? It’s pretty interesting. This guy’s working from a hypothesis where…

Raj: Spoiler alert! Spoiler alert.

Leonard: What?

Raj: Don’t ruin it for me, man. I printed out a PDF to read on the potty.

Howard: On the potty? What are you, five?

Raj: It’s a potty. What do you call it?

Howard: Toilet.

Raj: That’s a little vulgar for the dinner table, don’t you think?

Howard: Oh, and potty is okay?

Raj: Potty is innocent. Potty is adorable.

Howard: What do you do in the potty, wee-wee?

Raj: If I don’t have to boom-boom.

Sheldon: Greetings. You all remember Amy Farrah Fowler.

Leonard: Sure.

Howard: Nice to see you.

Amy: Hello.

Sheldon: Sorry we’re late.

Amy: I must take responsibility. I had to stop for feminine hygiene supplies.

Howard: Ah, ah.

Leonard: Okay.

Sheldon: I believe she’s experiencing her menses.

Amy: Actually, I’m not. In order to avoid surprises, I wear them all the time.

Leonard: Ah, ah.

Howard: Okay. Toilet’s sounding pretty good now, huh?

Penny: Hey, look, it’s Shamy.

Amy: Shamy?

Sheldon: A juvenile amalgamation of our names. Sheldon and Amy,  Shamy.

Amy: Oh. I don’t like that. Don’t do that.

Penny: All righty. What’s new?

Amy: Well, just recently, I learned that you refer to us as Shamy, and I don’t like that.

Penny: I got it. But what I was going for was, you know, how’s your life?

Amy: Like everybody else’s. Subject to entropy, decay and eventual death. Thank you for asking. Why is she not taking our order?

Sheldon: I should’ve warned you, one has to navigate a labyrinth of social nonsense before one can be fed here.

Amy: Really? I assumed an establishment called the Cheesecake Factory would function more efficiently.

Sheldon: It’s how they lure you in. I believe it’s called bait and switch.

Penny: Okay, I’m just gonna walk away, ’cause I don’t want to be here.

Leonard: So, this is nice. First time we’ve all gotten together to eat.

Amy: You’re right, he’s a festival of humdrum chitchat.

Leonard: Okay, that’s all I got. Howard, you’re up.

Howard: Um, tell us about your work, Amy.

Amy: I doubt you’d understand. Sheldon tells me you only have a master’s degree.

Howard: Raj, do you have any questions for Amy?

Amy: I’m curious as to why we’re not eating alone.

Sheldon: They can’t function without me. I’m the social glue that holds this little group together. You’re welcome.

Scene: The stairwell.


Leonard: Listen, can I talk to you about your girlfriend?

Sheldon: She’s not my girlfriend. She’s a girl and she’s my friend, but there’s no touching or unsanitary exchange of saliva.

Leonard: Got it.

Sheldon: Although, for the record, on one occasion, she licked her thumb to remove raspberry jelly from the corner of my mouth. It’s an action we both regret to this day.

Leonard: Uh-huh. Anyway, I’m not sure she’s the best fit for our little, how should we call it, rebel alliance.

Sheldon: Oh, I never identified with the rebel alliance. Despite their tendency to build Death Stars, I’ve always been more of an empire man.

Leonard: Yeah, not my point.

Sheldon: I know what your point is. You’re intimidated by Amy’s intellect. To that I say, buck up.

Leonard: Okay, let me just get right to it. Amy is judgmental, sanctimonious and frankly just obnoxious.

Sheldon: So?

Leonard: So we already have you for all that.

Sheldon: Are you suggesting I terminate my relationship with Amy?

Leonard: No, no, of course not. Just have your relationship someplace else.

Sheldon: May I point out that for eight long months, I suffered in silence as your female companion filled our apartment with her off-key country music caterwauling, the unappetizing spectacle of her grinding a pumice stone against her calloused feet in our living room, and night after night of uninformative TV documentaries about the Jersey Shore.

Leonard: Suffered in silence?

Sheldon: Yes. And I’d thank you to do the same.

Leonard: Really? Silence?

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Raj: Ah. Nothing makes beer taste better than cool clear Rocky Mountain spring water. Where are the Rocky Mountains, anyway?

Howard: Philadelphia.

Raj: Really? I thought they were out West someplace.

Howard: Think about it, Raj. Where did the movie Rocky take place?

Raj: Philadelphia. Okay, now I get it.

Penny: So this is the plan? From now on, we’re just gonna hide out in here to avoid the Shamy?

Raj: I’m very comfortable here. Penny, dear, why don’t you shoot another silver bullet my way?

Penny: Get one yourself.

Raj: Ooh, somebody’s been taking bitchy pills.

Penny: God, he’s an ass when he drinks.

Howard: Oh, he’s an ass when he doesn’t. You just don’t hear it.

Leonard: I think we need to start entertaining the possibility that the Shamy could go on for years.

Raj: Well, if that’s the case, Penny will have to get satellite TV and maybe once a week run a vacuum through this place.

Penny: I thought you were going to talk to Sheldon.

Leonard: I did.

Penny: Well, what’d he say?

Leonard: Well, he pointed out that he kinda, sorta had to put up with you.

Penny: Kinda, sorta had to?

Leonard: I didn’t agree with him.

Penny: Well, you defended me, right?

Leonard: I tried, but (Penny starts rubbing her foot with a pumice stone) he made a fairly well-reasoned argument.

Howard: You’re not doing that right.

Penny: What?

Howard: Gimme.

Penny: No.

Howard: Trust me.

Penny: No!

Howard: I do this for my mom all the time. See? With the grain.

Penny: Wow, that is better.

Howard: And someday, when you have varicose veins, I’ll show you how to massage them.

Scene: The University Cafeteria.

Raj: Oh, God, never again.

Leonard: I assume by never again, you mean never again will you drink all of Penny’s beer, then run down to the gas station for a couple of 40s, a box of Slim Jims and the latest issue of Bombay Badonkadonks.

Raj: I was homesick.

Howard: The highlight of the evening was when you showed us your Bollywood break dancing skills. (Does a stereotyped impersonation of Bollywood dancing.)

Raj: That’s very offensive.

Howard: Yeah, we all thought so.

Leonard: Oh, no.

Howard: What?

Leonard: John and Yoko.

Howard: More like Yoko and Yoko.

Sheldon: Greetings.

Leonard: Hey.

Sheldon: I brought Amy here to show her some of the work I’m doing.

Amy: It’s very impressive, for theoretical work.

Sheldon: Do I detect a hint of condescension?

Amy: I’m sorry, was I being too subtle? I meant compared to the real-world applications of neurobiology, theoretical physics is, what’s the word I’m looking for? Hmm, cute.

Leonard and Howard together: Oooh!

Sheldon: Are you suggesting the work of a neurobiologist like Babinski could ever rise to the significance of a physicist like Clarke-Maxwell or Dirac?

Amy: I’m stating it outright. Babinski eats Dirac for breakfast and defecates Clarke-Maxwell.

Sheldon: You take that back.

Amy: Absolutely not. My colleagues and I are mapping the neurological substrates that subserve global information processing, which is required for all cognitive reasoning, including scientific inquiry, making my research ipso facto prior in the ordo cognoscendi. That means it’s better than his research, and by extension, of course, yours.

Leonard: I’m sorry, I’m-I’m still trying to work on the defecating Clark Maxwell, so…

Sheldon: Excuse me, but a grand unified theory, insofar as it explains everything, will ipso facto explain neurobiology.

Amy: Yes, but if I’m successful, I will be able to map and reproduce your thought processes in deriving a grand unified theory, and therefore, subsume your conclusions under my paradigm.

Sheldon: That’s the rankest psychologism, and was conclusively revealed as hogwash by Gottlob Frege in the 1890s!

Amy: We appear to have reached an impasse.

Sheldon: I agree. I move our relationship terminate immediately.

Amy: Seconded.

Sheldon: There being no objections…

All: No, uh-uh.

Sheldon: The motion carries. Good day, Amy Farrah Fowler.

Amy: Good day, Sheldon Cooper.

Howard: Women, huh? Can’t live with them, can’t successfully refute their hypotheses.

Sheldon: Amen to that.

Scene: The laundry room. 

Penny: Hey, Sheldon.

Sheldon: Hello.

Penny: I hear you broke up with Amy.

Sheldon: A breakup would imply she was my girlfriend. She was a girl who was my friend who is now a girl who is not my friend.

Penny: Wow. That’s like the worst country song ever. So, how are you doing?

Sheldon: Regarding what?

Penny: Amy.

Sheldon: I don’t follow.

Penny: Well, breakups, or whatever the hell this is, can be tough.

Sheldon: Penny, I assure you, I’m fine. My relationship with Amy was purely intellectual. There were no emotional bonds, the severing of which would cause me any discomfort. The relationship simply outlived its utility, and I’m continuing on with my life as before.

Penny: Okay. Good.

Sheldon: Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m off to buy a pussycat.

Scene: The cafeteria.

Leonard: I gotta tell you guys, I’m a little worried about Sheldon.

Howard: We’re all a little worried about Sheldon.

Leonard: No, I mean since the Shamy hit a reef.

Howard: Oh, I thought you were just making a generalization, you know, I’m worried about Sheldon someday setting off a low-yield nuclear device because the cafeteria ran out of lime Jell-O.

Raj: What does hit a reef mean?

Leonard: Uh, went splitsville.

Raj: Pardon?

Leonard: Turned to boom-boom.

Raj: Ah.

Leonard: I think Sheldon really misses Amy.

Howard: You should lend him your copy of Bombay Badonkadonks.

Leonard: He got a cat to keep him company.

Raj: You’re kidding.

Leonard: He takes it everywhere, to bed, to the bathroom.

Raj: He takes the kitty to the potty?

Howard: I thought we discussed the P-word.

Raj: Don’t try to change me, dude. I am what I am.

Sheldon: Oh, gentlemen.

Howard: Hey. Aren’t you going to introduce us to your little friend?

Sheldon: My apologies. Raj, Howard, I’d like you to meet Dr. Robert Oppenheimer.

Howard: Hello.

Raj: Hi.

Sheldon: Now, if you’ll excuse me, the father of the atomic bomb wants a saucer of milk.

Howard: Okay, I get it. We’re worried about Sheldon.

Leonard: Yeah.

Scene: The apartment. Leonard arrives.

Leonard: Hey. (Turns to see Sheldon now has five cats) Oh, no.

Sheldon: Robert Oppenheimer was lonely.

Leonard: So you decided to get the whole Manhattan Project?

Sheldon: Yes. This is Enrico Fermi, Richard Feynman, Edward Teller, Otto Frisch, and Zazzles.

Leonard: Zazzles?

Sheldon: I was going to name him Herman von Helmholtz, but he’s so zazzy.

Leonard: Okay, we need to talk.

Sheldon: About what?

Leonard: Cats, Sheldon. You’re clearly upset about Amy being gone, and you’re trying to replace her with a bunch of cats.

Sheldon: Clowder.

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: A group of cats is a clowder. Or a glaring.

Leonard: Okay, yeah, fine.

Sheldon: It’s the kind of thing you ought to know now that we have one.

Leonard: Terrific. My-my point is you need to face up to what you’re feeling with this breakup.

Sheldon: It wasn’t a breakup. A breakup would imply that Amy was my girlfriend.

Leonard: Okay, I got it, I got it, she’s not your girlfriend. Now listen to me. I know about loneliness. I know about trying to replace someone with other stuff. When I broke up with Penny, I got back into my cello, I built a bunch of model rockets, I got those weightlifting gloves and that five-pound dumbbell.

Sheldon: You didn’t break up, she dumped you.

Leonard: She didn’t dump me. It was mutual!

Sheldon: I was there. She dumped you.

Leonard: Okay, fine. Live with cats. Be like my Aunt Nancy. She had dozens of them. And do you know what happened after she died? They ate her.

Sheldon: You don’t have to sell me on cats, Leonard. I’m already a fan. All right, fellas, who’s in the mood for Fancy Feast? Well, that’s not fancy at all.

Scene: The apartment.

Leonard: Hi, Mrs. Cooper. Thanks for coming.

Mrs Cooper: Where is he?

Leonard: He’s in his bedroom.

Mrs Cooper: Now, when you said on the phone he broke up with a girl, you meant an actual girl, not something you kids whipped up in a lab?

Leonard: No, she’s real.

Mrs Cooper: Did they sin?

Leonard: No, no, it’s not like that. It’s, uh, I don’t know what it’s like. But there is something I should prepare you for.

Mrs Cooper: Oh, relax, Leonard, I have raised that boy. I’ve seen him at his best, I’ve seen him at his worst. There’s nothing he can do that’ll surprise me.

Leonard: Hold on to that thought. (Knocks on Sheldon’s bedroom door)

Sheldon: Come in. (They enter. The room is full of cats.)

Leonard: Surprise.

Sheldon: Mom, what an unexpected pleasure.

Mrs Cooper: My, my, that’s a powerful smell.

Sheldon: I’d like you to meet Oppenheimer, Frisch, Panofsky, Feynman, Weisskopf…

Mrs Cooper: Yeah, I get it. You got a lot of cats and you gave ‘em cute Jewish names.

Sheldon: What are you doing here?

Mrs Cooper: Leonard called, and he said that you were pining for a young lady.

Sheldon: Oh, that’s preposterous. I’m not pining over anyone.

Mrs Cooper: Oh, lambchop, we can quibble what to call it, but I think we can both agree it’s creepy.

Sheldon: I do not agree. Cats make wonderful companions. They don’t argue or question my intellectual authority, and this little guy here, I think you’ll find to be quite zazzy.

Mrs Cooper: You should have called sooner.

Scene: The kitchen.

Mrs Cooper: Shelly! Dinner’s ready!

Sheldon: Coming!

Mrs Cooper: No cats!

Sheldon: Aw.(Enters to find Amy) What is she doing here?

Mrs Cooper: I called her.

Amy: Your mother thinks you might be losing your mind over me. As a neurobiologist, I was curious.

Sheldon: Well, rest assured, I am in full possession of my faculties.

Leonard (pretending to sneeze): 25 cats!

Mrs Cooper: Oh, God bless you, dear. Sheldon, sit down. Let’s talk.

Sheldon: All right, but you’re not fooling me. Whenever you say we have to talk, it means you want me to listen.

Mrs Cooper: Then stop talking.

Sheldon: Yes, ma’am.

Mrs Cooper: Now, the reason I called Amy over was to find out what type of person she is. And after chatting a bit, I have to say that while she is a perfectly unique young woman, you two are definitely not suited for each other.

Sheldon: That’s a peculiar conclusion. By any standard, Amy is more similar to me than anyone I’ve ever met.

Mrs Cooper: Oh, I’m sorry, Shelly, I can’t see it.

Sheldon: Well, whether you see it or not is irrelevant. I can’t see subatomic particles, but nevertheless, they’re there.

Amy: Excellent point.

Sheldon: A physics point.

Amy: Touche.

Mrs Cooper: Well, putting aside the pig Latin, it’s a good thing that you two decided to end the relationship so I didn’t have to end it for you.

Sheldon: Amy, after consideration, I believe we may have acted rashly. I propose we resume our relationship and attempt to resolve our differences.

Amy: I’ll agree to that only if you’ll stipulate that 80% of our difficulties were caused by you.

Sheldon: I’ll go as high as 40.

Amy: Sixty-five.

Sheldon: Done. You understand that moving forward, we deal with the fact that my mother does not approve of you?

Amy: I do. I find being cast in the role of bad girl oddly titillating.

Sheldon: Would you like to see my cats?

Amy: I would. I love cats. They’re the epitome of indifference.

Sheldon: Ah, then you may find Zazzles a little cloying.

Leonard: I saw what you did there.

Mrs Cooper: He thinks he’s such a smarty pants. He’s no different from any man. You tell ‘em not to do something, that’s all they want to do. If I hadn’t told my brother Stumpy not to clear out the wood chipper by hand, we’d still be calling him Edward. Now, don’t you move. I’ll bring over all the food.

Leonard: No, no, no, I can do it.

Mrs Cooper: Well, isn’t that sweet?

Scene: Outside. Sheldon is sitting at a table with a sign reading “Cats $20”)

Sheldon: Thank you, Amy. Here’s your cat. And here’s your $20.

Amy: Next!

Sheldon: Thank you, Amy. Here’s your cat. And here’s your $20.

Amy: Next!






































Series 4 Episode 04 – The Hot Troll Deviation
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.

Raj: I’m telling you, if xenon emits ultraviolet light, then those dark matter discoveries must be wrong.

Sheldon: Yes, well, if we lived in a world where slow-moving xenon produced light, then you’d be correct. Also, pigs would fly, my derriere would produce cotton candy, and The Phantom Menace would be a timeless classic.

Raj: Oh, you’re so arrogant. If you were a superhero, your name would be Captain Arrogant. And you know what your superpower would be? Arrogance.

Sheldon: You’re wrong again. If my superpower were arrogance, my name would be Dr. Arroganto.

Howard (laughs): I love watching Raj and Sheldon try to work together.

Leonard: Yeah, it’s like if Alien and Predator decided to go partners in a Jamba Juice.

Raj: Has it occurred to you you’re missing the big picture? If you look at neutron scattering data…

Sheldon: Oh, Penny? Penny?

Penny: What’s up?

Sheldon: Nothing. I just wanted to make Raj stop talking.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): No, no, no. He won. Suck it up.

Penny: Well, I’d ask you guys if you want dessert, but I know Sheldon doesn’t eat dessert on Tuesdays. And even if Raj wanted something, he couldn’t tell me. Howard won’t order anything, but he will come up with some sort of skeevy comment involving the words pie or cheesecake. And Leonard’s lactose intolerant, so he can’t eat anything here without his intestines blowing up like a balloon animal.

Leonard: Hang on a second. I could have the fruit platter.

Penny: You want the fruit platter?

Leonard: Does it have melon on it?

Penny: Yeah.

Leonard: No, I can’t eat melon.

Penny: Oh, Howard, heads up. Your ex-girlfriend just came in for her shift.

Leonard: When was the last time you saw her?

Howard: Oh, not since we broke up. Wow. How am I going to play this? Sophisticated and relaxed? Friendly, noncommittal? Cold and distant? (Hides under table).

Bernadette: Hi, guys.

Leonard: Hey.

Sheldon: Hello. I see you decided to go with pathetic and frightened.

Raj: It’s one of his best moves.

Credits sequence.


Scene: Howard’s bedroom. Howard enters in a silk dressing gown, puts on romantic music and sets up mood lighting. Gets onto bed.

Howard: So, my dear, we meet again.

Katee Sackhoff: Hello, Howard. I’ve missed you.

Howard: I’ve missed you, Katee Sackhoff.

Katee Sackhoff: One question.

Howard: Anything.

Katee Sackhoff: Why am I wearing my Battlestar Galactica flight suit in bed?

Howard: Why are you in bed with me? If we start to question this, it all falls apart.

Katee Sackhoff: Sorry. Oh, ravish me, Howard. My loins ache for you.

Howard: Okay, if you insist.

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, have you seen my girdle?!

Howard: No, Ma!

Mrs Wolowitz: I can’t find it, and I’m late for my Weight Watchers meeting!

Howard: Maybe it committed suicide! Leave me alone! Now, where were we?

Bernadette: I believe you were about to rip off my uniform with your teeth.

Howard: Bernadette? What are you doing here?

Katee Sackhoff: Well, if I had to guess, I’d say I’m here because you saw me earlier this evening, and you’re still hung up on me.

Howard: No, I’m not.

Bernadette: Clearly you are. Otherwise, based on past experience, we’d be done by now.

Howard: Okay, I’m a little confused here.

George Takei: Oh, my. Can I help?

Howard: Not that kind of confused.

Bernadette: What’s George Takei doing here?

Katee Sackhoff: Howard, do you have latent homosexual tendencies?

Howard: No, of course not.

George Takei: So you say. Yet, here I am.

Katee Sackhoff: George, let me ask you something. How did you deal with being typecast as a science fiction icon?

George Takei: It’s difficult. You try and stretch as an actor, do Strindberg, O’Neill, but all they want is, Course laid in, Captain.

Katee Sackhoff: Tell me about it. It’s frackin’ frustrating.

Howard: Wait. Katee, why are you leaving?

Bernadette: She’s leaving because you really want to be with me.

Mrs Wolowitz: Howard, I found my girdle! It was in the dryer!

Howard: Great, Ma!

Mrs Wolowitz: I think it shrunk! I’m spilling out like the Pillsbury Doughboy here!

Howard: And with that mental picture, I think we’re done for the evening.

Scene: The university cafeteria.

Leonard: You know, you never told me what happened between you and Bernadette.

Howard: I did a stupid thing.

Leonard: Yeah, I guessed that.

Howard: It was the kind of thing that makes it kind of hard to face her now.

Leonard: That covers anything from farting in bed to killing a homeless guy. Oh, my God. You ran over a hobo.

Howard: No. Stop asking.

Leonard: All right, fine. So you want to get back together with her, but you’re too ashamed to face her because of whatever it is you did.

Howard: In a nutshell.

Leonard: Okay. Well, how about this? Kidnap Bernadette from the opera wearing a creepy mask so she doesn’t know it’s you.

Howard: Now, you see, I don’t know if you’re kidding or not.

Raj: You’re being unreasonable. Why can’t I have a desk?

Sheldon: Our collaboration is a work of the mind. We don’t need desks.

Raj: You have a desk.

Sheldon: Correct.

Raj: But I can’t have one.

Sheldon: You’re two for two.

Leonard: Why can’t he have a desk, Sheldon?

Sheldon: Oh, Lord, will this day never end? As I’ve explained repeatedly to Dr. Koothrappali, whose ability to comprehend the American idiom fails him when it’s convenient, there’s absolutely no money in my budget for additional office furniture.

Raj: Oh, but there’s money for a drawer full of Red Vines, a marshmallow shooting rifle, and a super executive ant farm with glow-in-the-dark sand?

Sheldon: Yes.

Howard: Okay, what if he buys his own desk?

Raj: Yeah, what if I buy my own desk?

Sheldon: That’s ridiculous.

Howard: Why?

Sheldon: Because…

Raj: Yes?

Sheldon: It’s my office.

Leonard: Sheldon.

Sheldon: All right, all right. He can buy his own desk.

Raj: And I can put it in your office?

Sheldon: Well, you really want to dot the I’s and cross the T’s, don’t you?

Leonard: Why would you want a glow-in-the-dark ant farm?

Sheldon: They do some of their best work at night.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. Penny is gathering laundry.

Penny (picking up a top and sniffing it): Ah, it’s okay.

Sheldon (voice): (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Penny opens door. Howard is stood outside with a hand-held voice recorder.) Penny?

Howard: Would you have opened the door if you knew it was me?

Penny: Not since I found out the teddy bear you gave me had a webcam in it.

Howard: I just have a question. Does Bernadette ever talk about me?

Penny: Oh, absolutely.

Howard: She does?

Penny: Yeah, sure. Just yesterday, she asked, why is Howard hiding under the table?

Howard: She saw that, huh?

Penny: Oh, no, not at first. Right after I pointed it out.

Howard: Let me ask you something else. Is she seeing anybody?

Penny: Uh, not that I know of. Hey, while we’re on the subject, why did you guys break up anyway?

Howard: Oh, I’d rather not say.

Penny: Howard, if you want my help, I’ve got to know what happened.

Howard: But it’s embarrassing.

Penny: Yeah, that’s what I’m counting on. Spill.

Howard: Okay. Well, you know World of Warcraft?

Penny: Um, the online game? Sure.

Howard: Well, did you know that the characters in the game can have sex with each other?

Penny: Oh, God. I think I see where this is going.

Howard: Her name was Glissinda the Troll. Bernadette walked in on me while we were doing the cyber-nasty under the Bridge of Souls.

Penny: Oh, you’re right. That is so embarrassing.

Howard: Would you talk to her?

Penny: Bernadette or the troll?

Howard: Bernadette. She was so mad at me, she wouldn’t even listen to my side of the story.

Penny: Well, what was your side?

Howard: Well, for all we know, Glissinda the Troll wasn’t even a real woman. I mean, she could’ve been a 50-year-old truck driver in New Jersey.

Penny: Really? And that didn’t make her feel better?

Howard: Will you talk to her, see if there’s any chance at all we could get back together?

Penny: Oh, gee, Howard, I really don’t want to get in the middle of this.

Howard: No. Why would you? I’m just another lonely nerd, living with his mother, trying to find any scrap of happiness he can. You know, maybe to make up for the fact that his dad left him when he was 11.

Penny: Okay, I will think about it.

Howard: You know, I’ve always blamed myself for him leaving. I always thought it was because I wasn’t the son he wanted.

Penny: Yeah, I said I’d think about it.

Howard: I wasn’t athletic, yeah, I was kind of sickly.

Penny: Okay, fine. Look, look, I’m calling her now! See?

Howard: Thank you.

Scene: A corridor at the university.

Leonard: So anyway, Howard asked Penny to talk to Bernadette, and she did, and Bernadette agreed to meet him for a cup of coffee.

Sheldon: One question.

Leonard: Yeah?

Sheldon: Why on earth are you telling me all this?

Leonard: I don’t know. Sometimes your movements are so lifelike, I forget you’re not a real boy.

(Sheldon opens his office door. It bangs against a desk. Inside, Raj is sat behind a huge, ornate antique wooden desk in an enormous antique swivel chair.)

Raj: You said I could buy a desk.

Sheldon: This isn’t a desk. This is a Brobdingnagian monstrosity.

Raj: Is that the American idiom for giant, big-ass desk?

Sheldon: It’s actually British.

Raj: Can you say it again for me?

Sheldon: Brobdingnagian.

Raj: One more time?

Sheldon: Brobdingnagian.

Raj: Now three times fast?

Sheldon: Brobdingnagian, Brobdingna… How did you even get it in here?

Raj: That’s for me, Ramon, Julio, Jesus and Rodrigo to know and you to find out.

Sheldon: All right, you’ve made your point. A fine prank, very amusing. Now get it out.

Raj: No.

Sheldon: Yes.

Raj: No.

Sheldon: Yes.

Raj: No.

Sheldon: Yes.

Raj: I have three brothers and two sisters, Sheldon, I can do this all day.

Sheldon: All right, if you’re not going to remove it, I’ll remove it for you.

Raj: Knock yourself out.

Sheldon: Help me move my desk.

Raj: No.

Sheldon: Yes.

Raj: No.

Sheldon: Yes.

Raj: No. It’s too Brobdingnagian.

Sheldon: Why do you even want this here? Its size is completely disproportionate to its purpose.

Raj: Well, seeing as its purpose was to piss you off, I’d say it’s spot-on.

Sheldon: All right, I see what’s going on. This is the opening salvo in what will be an escalating series of juvenile tit-for-tat exchanges. Well titted.

Raj: Thank you.

Sheldon: Stand by for my upcoming tat.

Raj: Hey, Sheldon?

Sheldon: Yes?

Raj: No. See what I did there? I turned it around.

Scene: The Cheesecake Factory

Bernadette: Sorry, I had to clock out.

Howard: Oh, no, that’s okay. How have you been?

Bernadette: Okay. You know, busy, school, work. You?

Howard: Same. I took a scuba-diving course over the summer, but it turns out I’m terrified of the ocean.

Bernadette: Too bad.

Howard: You wouldn’t know anybody who wants to buy a wet suit, boy’s large? Yeah, forget it. Not important. So, are you seeing anyone?

Bernadette: Well, to be honest, I…

Penny: Hey, how are we doing over here? Can I get you something to drink?

Howard: Not for me, thanks.

Bernadette: I’m okay.

Penny: Are you gonna want to order food?

Howard: Maybe later.

Penny: Okay.

Howard: So, are you seeing anybody?

Bernadette: No.

Penny: That’s what I told him when he asked me. I hope that’s not out of line.

Bernadette: No, it’s fine.

Howard: Penny, can we have a little privacy?

Penny: Oh. I’m sorry.

Bernadette: What about you, have you been seeing anybody?

Howard: Well, you know how it is with guys. I mean, we have needs and…

Bernadette: So you’ve been seeing other girls?

Howard: Well, not real girls.

Bernadette: Does that mean slutty trolls?

Penny: You know, you look thirsty. I brought you some iced tea.

Bernadette: Thank you.

Penny: It’s passion fruit, new on the menu.

Bernadette: I know. I work here.
Penny: Oh, sorry. Yeah, you’re right. Doy. So, Howard, trolls, yay or nay?

Howard: Isn’t there somewhere else you can be?

Penny: Not where I can hear you guys.

Howard: Okay, fine. I’ll admit, there are dark, sordid little corners of the Internet where the name Wolowizard is whispered in hushed tones. But the only reason I go there, the only reason I’ve ever gone there is because I don’t have a real woman in my life. You happy?

Penny: Yeah, that’ll hold me for a while.

Bernadette: Howard, you did have a real woman. I was right there in the next room while you were clicking that troll’s brains out.

Howard: Yeah, but we weren’t, I-I mean, you and I never…

Bernadette: Had sex?

Howard: Yeah.

Bernadette: Well, whose fault was that?

Penny: Complimentary nachos! You enjoy. Never had sex? Wow.

Howard: What do you mean, whose fault was that?

Bernadette: Well, we could’ve been having sex, but you never made the move.

Howard: I didn’t think you wanted me to make the move.

Bernadette: Howard, a girl doesn’t go out with a man like you, with your looks, your fancy patter and your tight hoochie pants if she’s not expecting him to eventually make the move.

Howard: Really?

Bernadette: Really.

Howard: Son of a bitch.

Penny: Hey, this is a little awkward, but my manager says I can’t actually give nachos away. So, just take that when you’re ready.

Scene: University corridor.

Howard: Yeah, we had a really great talk, and we’re gonna start seeing each other again.

Leonard: Oh, congratulations. Have you broken it to the troll yet?

Howard: Did Penny tell you about that?

Leonard: No. Steve Patterson told me.

Howard: The greasy old fat guy in Facilities Management?

Leonard: Yeah.

Howard: How’d he know about it?

Leonard: He’s Glissinda the troll.

Raj (voice): Sorry, dude, the thermostat’s on my side of the room, so it stays Mumbai hot in here until you turn off that stupid Indian music!

Sheldon (voice): I’ll turn off the music when you get rid of that salmonella-ridden parakeet!

Raj (voice): Oh, too bad! Sheldon’s pathologically afraid of birds! Hey, look, Sheldon! Birdie, birdie, birdie!

Sheldon (voice): That’s it! Prepare for marshmallow death!

Raj (voice): Eat flaming Nerf! (Imitates gunfire)

Leonard: So anyway, that’s great news about you and Bernadette.

Howard: Yeah. I think I’m gonna take her to miniature golf.

Leonard: Ah. Well, I guess for you guys that’s like regular golf.

Howard: Short jokes? Really? You’re, like, a quarter of an inch taller than me.

Leonard: Yeah, and don’t you forget it.

Scene: Bernadette’s car. 

Howard: I had a good time.

Bernadette: Me, too.

Katee Sackhoff: Kiss her good night. All right, now a little tongue.

George Takei: Hold on there. We’ve only just rekindled the romance. Let’s not sully the moment with the exchange of saliva.

Katee Sackhoff: Don’t listen to him. She wants it. Tongue. Luh-luh-luh-luh-luh. See? Now make the move.

George Takei: Mm-mmm. Too soon.

Katee Sackhoff: Trust me, she’s ready. Make the move.

George Takei: No, no, no. A lady wants to be wooed, courted slowly.

Katee Sackhoff: How would you know?

George Takei: I read.

Katee Sackhoff: Listen to me, Howard, it’s time. Make the move, now.

Bernadette: Mm! What are you doing?

Howard: You said, well, the move, remember?

Bernadette: Oh, not now. We’re starting a new relationship. I need to get to know you again.

Howard: No, you don’t. It’s me. The lusty charmer with the fancy patter and the hoochie pants.

Bernadette: Be patient, we’ll get there.

George Takei: Told you.

Scene: University corridor. 

Leonard: Oh, God, what’s that smell? (Knocks on Sheldon’s door. Sheldon answers in a gas mask). Oh-ho-hoo!

Sheldon: Yes?

Leonard: What are you doing in there?

Sheldon: I’m making hydrogen sulphide and ammonia gas. Just a little experiment in pest control.

Raj: It’s not gonna work, dude, I grew up in India, an entire subcontinent where cows walk in the street, and nobody has ever had a solid bowel movement.

Sheldon: Well, we’ll just see how long you can hold out.

Raj: Well, we’ll just see how your noxious gas fares against my cinnamon-apple-scented aroma therapy candles.

Leonard: Didn’t you say you’re making hydrogen sulphide gas?

Sheldon: Yes.

Leonard: Isn’t that flammable?

Sheldon: Highly. Oh, dear. (Explosion)

Raj: This is not over.



























Series 4 Episode 05 – The Desperation Emanation
Scene: The apartment.

Leonard: All I’m saying is, if they took all the money they spent trying to make a decent Hulk movie, they could probably just make an actual Hulk.

Sheldon: That is apt and amusing. I think I shall share that with Amy Farrah Fowler. She’ll appreciate the witticism.

Leonard: Thank you.

Sheldon: It’ll also help improve her initial impression of you.

Leonard: So what’s going on with you two?

Sheldon: Well, the status is as it always was. She’s a girl. She’s a friend. She is not my, please forgive me for doing this, girlfriend.

Leonard: Right, right. So you’re still just texting and emailing? You don’t feel any need to hang out with her, you know, be in the same room?

Sheldon: Leonard, you are my best friend. I’ve known you for seven years, and I can barely tolerate sitting on the couch with you. Imagine my attitude regarding prolonged physical proximity to Amy Farrah Fowler.

Leonard: Got it.

Sheldon: I sense judgment on your part.

Leonard: No, no. Maybe a little.

Sheldon: May I suggest that your criticism is based on jealousy.

Leonard: Jealousy? What do I have to be jealous of?

Sheldon: I have a functioning and satisfying relationship with a female. You have none.

Leonard: Oh, right. That.

Sheldon: Jealousy is an ugly green-eyed monster, not unlike the Hulk, who, by the way, also has a girlfriend. In this iteration, Jennifer Connelly, whom you may recall as the girlfriend of Russell Crowe in A Beautiful Mind, a feel-good romp if there ever was one.

Leonard: I’m not jealous.

Sheldon: Hu-u-urgh! Leonard not jealous.

Credits sequence. 


Scene: The apartment.

Sheldon: You know, it just occurred to me, if there are an infinite number of parallel universes, in one of them, there’s probably a Sheldon who doesn’t believe parallel universes exist.

Leonard: Probably. What’s your point?

Sheldon: No point. It’s just one of the things that makes one of the mes chuckle. What makes you chuckle, Leonard?

Leonard: Hmm, recently? Not much.

Sheldon: Is it because of the conflict that arises from your desperate need to pair-bond with a woman, and the apparent collective decision of all womankind to deny you that opportunity?

Leonard: Um, shut up.

Sheldon: You know, when my grandfather died, and Meemaw was alone, my mom arranged for her to visit a centre three times a week where she could socialize with other lonely people. It’s very nice. They discuss current events, play bridge, get a hot meal.

Leonard: That sounds lovely.

Sheldon: It is if you like bridge. Do you like bridge, Leonard?

Leonard: Sheldon, I’m just not dating someone right now. I don’t need to go to a senior centre.

Sheldon: Meemaw resisted at first, but now she loves it.

Leonard: Fine. If I don’t meet someone soon, you can put me in a home.

Sheldon: It’s not a home. It’s a senior centre.  We’d never put Meemaw in a home!

Scene: The comic book store.

Leonard: Hey, guys.

Howard: Hey.

Raj: Hey.

Sheldon: All right, I’ll bow to social pressure. Hey!

Howard (phone rings): Excuse me. That’s my girlfriend, Bernadette. I assigned her her own ringtone, Bernadette by The Four Tops. Hello, Bernadette.

Raj: When I call him, his phone plays Brown Eyed Girl. Which, now that I think about it, is not so good.

Leonard: You realize he’s just rubbing our noses in the fact that he has a girlfriend, and we don’t.

Rai: You mean, you don’t.

Leonard: You have a girlfriend? How could you have a girlfriend? You can’t even speak to women.

Raj: Two words, deaf chick. It doesn’t matter if I can’t talk, because she can’t hear me.

Leonard: What?

Raj: That’s what she said.

Leonard: Great. You have a girlfriend, Howard’s got a girlfriend, Sheldon’s got a girl…

Sheldon: No, no, no, no!

Leonard: …who’s a friend.

Sheldon: Thank you.

Leonard: What about you, Stuart? You have a girlfriend yet?

Stuart: Oh, yeah. Yeah. I met her at Comic-Con, the one place in the world where saying I own a comic bookstore is an actual pickup line.

Leonard: Oh. Well, good for you.

Stuart: Not really. She’s horrible. When she wants to have sex, she puts on her plus-size Wonder Woman costume and shouts who wants to take a ride in my invisible plane?

Leonard: Why don’t you just break up with her?

Stuart: No, no, I can’t.

Leonard: Why not?

Stuart: ‘Cause then I’d be alone, like you.

Raj: Dude, why don’t you just invoke your girlfriend pact with Wolowitz?

Leonard: Because I don’t need his girlfriend to set me up with one of her girlfriends. I’m perfectly capable of finding a girl on my own.

Raj: Oh, Leonard, you remind me of the funny old story about a man who walks into a women’s correctional institution with a stack of paperwork that will allow the female convicts to go free.

Leonard: You’re saying I couldn’t get laid in a women’s prison with a handful of pardons.

Raj: Are you going to let me tell the story or not?

Scene: The apartment. Leonard is stretched face down on the sofa.

Sheldon: Leonard? Are you sleeping?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: Are you ill?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: Are you still depressed because you’re alone, and no one loves you?

Leonard: I don’t know. Maybe.

Sheldon: I want you to know that I’m genuinely concerned about your well-being.

Leonard: Thank you.

Sheldon: You’re welcome. But it’s still no reason to have your feet in my spot.

Amy (on webcam): May I offer an observation?

Leonard: What the hell? How long has she been here?

Sheldon: Since we got home from the comic bookstore.

Leonard: That was two hours ago.

Sheldon: As per your suggestion, we’re hanging out. Quite frankly, I don’t see what all the hoopla’s about. Go on, Amy.

Amy: From a neurobiological standpoint, Leonard, you may be alone because your psychological state is causing an actual pheromone-based stink of desperation.

Sheldon: Did you know that, Leonard?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: I did.

Amy: I understand that some people find mates in social gathering places such as bars or taverns. Have you tried a bar or tavern?

Leonard: No, I’m not gonna try to pick up a woman in a bar.

Sheldon: Wise decision. You see, Amy, success at a bar is based on classic male attributes such as height, strength, attractiveness, the ability to hold one’s liquor and throw darts, separately or together. Leonard has none of these attributes, right, Leonard?

Leonard: Right.

Amy: That’s not true of all bars. Juice bars, for example.

Sheldon: Oh! Good point, Amy. Yeah, building on your premise, Leonard could frequent sushi bars, salad bars, oyster bars, the Apple Genius Bar, what are you doing?

Leonard (exiting the apartment): Keep going. I’m listening.

Amy: That was rude.

Sheldon: He does it all the time. He’s a cornucopia of social awkwardness.

Amy: Cornucopia. What a mellifluous word.

Sheldon: Let’s make that our word of the day.

Amy: Agreed. And we’ll use mellifluous tomorrow.

Sheldon: Well, I have to void my bladder. It was nice spending this time with you.

Amy: Wait. I have a request.

Sheldon: Yes?

Amy: I’d like you to meet my mother.

Sheldon: I see. Can I get back to you on that?

Amy: Certainly. Good night.

Sheldon: Good night. (Closing laptop, and running down stairs in panic) Leonard, Leonard, Leonard,

Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard, Leonard.

Leonard: Yeah, what?

Sheldon: Amy Farrah Fowler has asked me to meet her mother.

Leonard: Yeah. So?

Sheldon: What does that mean?

Leonard: Well, you know how you’re always saying that Amy is a girl who’s your friend, and not your girlfriend?

Sheldon: Uh-huh.

Leonard: You can’t say that anymore.

Sheldon: Wait. What?

Leonard: Look, she obviously wants to take your relationship to the next level.

Sheldon: I don’t want the next level. I like this level. Fix it for me!

Leonard: Me? Well, how am I supposed to fix it?

Sheldon: Simple! You want a girlfriend, Amy wants to be someone’s girlfriend. Take her off my hands. I give you my blessing.

Leonard: That is insane.

Sheldon: You’re right. It would never work. Amy finds you tedious.

Leonard: Okay, good luck.

Sheldon: Wait! What am I supposed to do?

Leonard: Well, have you considered telling her how you feel?

Sheldon: Leonard, I’m a physicist, not a hippie.

Leonard: All right, well, let me see if I can explain your situation using physics. What would you be if you were attached to another object by an inclined plane wrapped helically around an axis?

Sheldon: Screwed.

Leonard: There you go.

Sheldon: Amy’s right. He is tedious.

Scene: Outside Howard’s house. Leonard rings bell.

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, get the door!

Howard (off): Why can’t you get it?

Mrs Wolowitz (off): You know I’m doing a bowel cleanse for my colonoscopy! I’m like an upside-down volcano here.

Howard: Oh, hey. I hope you didn’t hear that.

Leonard: The volcano thing? No.

Howard: What’s with the T-shirt? You working at the Apple store now?

Leonard: No, it’s just something I threw on.

Howard: I know all your shirts. That’s not one of them. You were pretending to work at the Genius Bar to pick up women, weren’t you?

Leonard: Yeah. Turns out, they guard the iPods, but they don’t guard the shirts.

Howard: So, how’d it go?

Leonard: It was going well. I was showing this super hot girl how to boot up in Safe Mode. The manager got suspicious, and, well, long story short, they really do have a little jail in the mall.

Howard: Just FYI, don’t try to go back with a fake moustache. I mean, they may not really be geniuses, but they see right through that.

Leonard: I want to invoke the girlfriend pact, Howard.

Howard: You that desperate?

Leonard: No, I just, I want what you have. You know, I want a woman in my life.

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Holy Moses, how much liquid can be in one tukus?

Leonard: To be clear, I meant like Bernadette, not your mother.

Howard: Yeah, I know what you mean.

Scene: The apartment.

Leonard: Well, I’m off to meet Bernadette’s friend. How do I look?

Sheldon: As if one of the plants from Invasion of the Body Snatchers duplicated you in every way, only with an absurd amount of hair gel.

Leonard: What are you working on?

Sheldon: I’m removing my digital footprint from the Internet so Amy Farrah Fowler can’t find me and compel me to meet her mother.

Leonard: Ah, you’re going off the grid.

Sheldon: Exactly.

Leonard: The old Unabomber approach. Kudos.

Sheldon: Thank you. I’ve also sent Amy a relationship termination notice and changed my cell phone number and e-mail address.

Leonard: What if she just comes over?

Sheldon: She’ll get lost. We no longer live at 2311 Los Robles. We now live at 311 Los Robles.

Leonard: You changed the address on the building? What about mail?

Sheldon: Oh, no worries, I explained my predicament to our letter carrier. He was sympathetic. His exact words were, Got your back, Jack. Bitches be crazy.

Leonard (there is a knock on the door): Who is it?

Amy (off): Amy Farrah Fowler.

Sheldon: Darn! She found me!

Leonard: She’s been here before.

Sheldon: The only flaw in an otherwise perfect plan. Now, get my back, Jack.

Leonard: What do you want to do?

Sheldon: Tell her I’m not here.

Leonard: Okay, where are you?

Sheldon: I don’t know. You’ll have to devise a scenario that plausibly explains my absence, keeping in mind that the key to a good lie lies in the details.

Leonard: Hi, Amy. Sheldon’s not here.

Amy: All right. (Leaves)

Sheldon: Way to go on the details.

Scene: A restaurant.

Leonard: Thanks again for doing this, Bernadette.

Bernadette: Oh, I take pacts very seriously. One time at my lab, a petri dish of genetically modified super-virus went missing. That day we made a pinky swear never to admit we crossed Ebola with the common cold.

Howard: Why the hell would you cross Ebola with the common cold?

Bernadette: We never did. That would be a terrible, terrible thing.

Girl (arriving): Hi. Sorry I’m late, I was at the gym. Spin class. Worked up quite a sweat.

Bernadette: Joy, this is Leonard. Leonard, this is Joy.

Leonard: Hi.

Joy: Hi. You don’t look like a genius. Go ahead, say something smart.

Leonard: Uh…

Joy: Aah! Time’s up. Just kidding. First thing you need to know about me, I’m hilarious.

Leonard: Yeah. So, Bernadette tells me she knows you from self-defence classes?

Joy: Yeah. Israeli Krav Maga. Lots of fun. Basically, a hundred different ways to rip a guy’s nuts off.

Leonard: Wow. Wouldn’t think there’d be that many.

Joy: Number 42!

Leonard: Whoa!

Bernadette: Isn’t she a pip?

Scene: The stairwell.

Sheldon (rhythmically, while walking down the stairs): Proxima Centauri’s the nearest star. The celestial bodies that follow are Alpha Centauri A, Toli, Barnard’s Star, Wolf 359, Lalande 21185, Sirius A, Sirius B, BL-Ceti, UV-Ceti, Ross 154, Ross 248, Epsilon Eridani, Lac-9352, Ross 128, Procyon A, oh, darn, that’s wrong! (Heads back up stairs) EZ Aquarii A, EZ Aquarii B, EZ Aquarii C, Procyon A. Those are the stars that are nearest to me. Tra-la-la and fiddle-dee-dee. (Sees Amy standing in lobby) Oh, dear. They really do be crazy.

Scene: The restaurant. 

Joy (burping): This lobster’s good on the way down and the way up.

Leonard: Should be, it’s thirty dollars a pound.

Joy: Hey, this is a date, right?

Leonard: Yep, it is.

Joy: 73!

Leonard: Whoa!

Joy: Excuse me, I have to go to the little girls’ room and take a wicked whiz.

Bernadette: I’ll go with you.

Joy: Fair warning, I had the asparagus. My pee is gonna stink up the place.

Howard: I think she likes you.

Scene: The stairwell. Amy is sitting on the bottom step.

Sheldon (wearing a heavy coat and false nose and glasses): EZ Aquarii B, EZ Aquarii C, excuse me, madam.

Amy: Sheldon?

Sheldon: Rats!

Amy: I believe a misunderstanding may have occurred when I asked you to meet my mother.

Sheldon: No misunderstanding. I’ve learned what that request actually means, and I don’t want to be joined to another object by an inclined plane wrapped helically around an axis.

Amy: In what way are you screwed? All I want to do is present you as my boyfriend to my mother so she’ll be satisfied that I’m in a relationship.

Sheldon: So we’d be perpetrating a ruse?

Amy: Precisely.

Sheldon: And you haven’t fallen hopelessly in love with me?

Amy: Don’t be absurd. I find the notion of romantic love to be an unnecessary cultural construct that adds no value to human relationships.

Sheldon: Amy Farrah Fowler, that’s the most pragmatic thing anyone has ever said to me.

Amy: I trust this clarification allows us to return to boy-slash-friend-slash-girl-slash-friend status.

Sheldon: Of course. Would you like to join me for Chinese food?

Amy: Sheldon, please, you’re suffocating me.

Sheldon: My apologies. Good night, Amy.

Amy: Good night, Sheldon.

Scene: The restaurant. 

Howard: Come on, just give her a chance. Maybe she’ll grow on you.

Leonard: Or maybe she’ll finally succeed in ripping my nuts off. There are still 93 ways she hasn’t tried yet. Look, Howard, I appreciate the effort, but this is, like, the worst date of my life.

Howard: Seriously? I was once robbed by a pre-op transsexual I met on J-Date, and that didn’t even crack my top ten.

Leonard: I guess the difference is, I have some self-respect.

Howard: Not that I’ve ever seen.

Leonard: It’s relatively new. I just know that I’m not gonna spend time with someone I don’t like simply to have a girlfriend. I’m okay on my own.

Joy: Good news, I made lots of room for dessert.

Leonard: Look, uh, Joy, it was nice to meet you, but…

Joy: Yeah, you, too. Hey, you got anything for next weekend? I need a date for my cousin’s wedding.

Leonard: You’re asking me out?

Joy: Yeah. And it’s an open bar, so I’ll probably be giving it away.

Leonard: I look forward to it.

Scene: The apartment. 

Mrs Fowler (on webcam): It’s nice to meet you, too, Sheldon. I honestly didn’t believe Amy when she told me she had a boyfriend.

Sheldon: I assure you I am quite real and I’m having regular intercourse with your daughter.

Mrs Fowler: What?

Sheldon: Oh, yes. We’re like wild animals in heat. It’s a wonder neither of us has been hurt.

Mrs Fowler: Amy, what is he saying?

Amy: You wanted me to have a boyfriend, Mother. Well, here he is. Have to sign off now. My hunger for Sheldon is stirring in my loins.

Sheldon: Oh, yes, it’s time for me to make love to your daughter’s vagina.

Mrs Fowler: Oh!

Amy: Thank you, Sheldon, that went very well.

Sheldon: Agreed. Amy, I find myself wondering if we should actually engage in coitus at least one time in our relationship. Bazinga. Bedtime. Please show yourself out.































































Series 4 Episode 06 – The Irish Pub Formulation
Scene: The university cafeteria. 

Howard: Gagh!

Leonard: Problem?

Howard: This is the worst cobbler I’ve ever eaten. I mean it tastes like it was made of actual ground-up shoemaker.

Sheldon: Amusing. A play on the two meanings of cobbler.

Raj: Hey guys, guess who I found at LAX. My baby sister Priya.

Sheldon: Excuse me. I object. You propose a guessing game, yet you don’t give me enough time to guess. For the record, I was going to say your sister Priya.

Priya: Oh, Sheldon. You haven’t changed a bit, have you?

Sheldon: Why would I change?

Leonard: The hope has been that you’d eventually bend to public opinion. So, Priya, what brings you back to LA?

Priya: I have a one day layover on my way to Toronto. Corporate merger.

Raj: Can you believe it? Little Priya’s one of the lead attorneys for the biggest car company in India.

Sheldon: Given that when we met her she was finishing law school and planning an internship at a large Indian car company, it’s actually extremely plausible.

Leonard: And your poll numbers just keep dropping.

Priya: I want to catch up with all of you, but first I really must visit the loo.

Leonard: I’m going too, I’ll show you where it is.

Raj: Alright, this goes without saying, but I’m just going to say it anyway. Hands off my sister.

Sheldon: Why would I touch her, she’s covered with airplane germs.

Raj: I’m so not talking to you. I’m talking to him.

Howard: Hey, I’ve got a girlfriend now.

Raj: Oh please. My sister’s much hotter than your girlfriend and you know it.

Howard: Let’s just agree they’re both hot.

Raj: Dude, that’s my sister you’re talking about.

Howard: Okay, forget who’s hotter. The first time Priya came to LA, Leonard and I made a pact out of respect to our friendship, and to you, that neither of us would hit on her.

Raj: Did you pinky swear?

Howard: Yes.

Raj: Okay then.

Sheldon: Cobbler. I’m still laughing.

Scene: A corridor.


Priya: It’s really nice to see you again Leonard.

Leonard: Yeah. It’s good to see you too. Here you go.

Priya: Thanks. (Grabs him and kisses him.) 

Leonard: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa. (Looks around.) Okay.

Credits sequence.


Scene: The cafeteria.


Howard: So, you got any special plans with your sister?

Raj: Oh, not really, just hang out.

Sheldon: I always tell people, if you have only one day in Los Angeles, make it a train day.

Raj: Train day?

Sheldon: The fun starts with brunch at Carney’s in Studio City, a hot dog stand in a converted railroad dining car. Next stop, Travel Town, an outdoor museum featuring 43 railroad engines, cars and other rolling stock from the 1880s to the 1930s. Finally, we’re off to the glitz and glamour of Hollywood for dinner at, that’s right, the Hollywood Carney’s, a hot dog stand in a different converted railroad dining car.

Raj: I don’t think we’re going to do that.

Sheldon: Well then apparently, you hate fun.

Leonard: Hmm, Priya’s not back yet? Well, I guess that’s not unusual, women, men, the whole sitting, standing deal, so, what are we talking about?

Raj: Uh, my plans with Priya.

Sheldon: He rejected train day.

Leonard: Did you make it clear that it’s two different train cars turned into hot dog stands?

Sheldon: Abundantly.

Leonard: I guess he just hates fun.

Sheldon: That’s what I said.

Priya: Okay, so, what’s new with you guys.

Howard: I have a girlfriend now.

Priya: Hey, good for you.

Howard: Yeah, I just wanna put it out there in case I inadvertently squirt any pheromones in your direction. Happy? (Raj nods). 


Leonard: So, uh, Priya, what are your plans while you’re here.

Priya: I don’t know, I just have the one day.

Sheldon: Do you like trains?

Priya: Not particularly.

Sheldon: You might as well just wait at the airport for your flight.

Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is on his laptop.


Sheldon: You are in a forest. There is quicksand to the west, a path leads to the east. Go east. An iron gate blocks your way. Open gate. It’s locked. Hmm, well, so much for that.

Leonard: It’s getting pretty late, how come you’re still up?

Sheldon: I’ve found an emulator online that lets you play classic text based computer games from the 1980s.

Leonard: That’s pretty cool.

Sheldon: Oh yes. It runs on the world’s most powerful graphics chip, imagination.

Leonard: You’ve really got to get out more.

Sheldon: Go north. You can’t go that way. Go west. A troll blocks your passage. Okay, fasten your seatbelts, kill troll. With what? With sword. (There is a knock on the door.) You don’t have the sword. Good golly, it’s as if it’s actually happening to me.

Priya (at door): Raj finally went to bed.

Leonard: Yeah, well, (kissing her) Sheldon’s still up.

Priya: You said he goes to bed at nine.

Leonard: Yeah, he does but he got caught up in a computer game and…

Sheldon: Hit troll with axe. Hit troll with axe. Hit troll with axe. Oh my, this is one tough troll.

Priya: Can’t you get rid of him?

Leonard: If the past is any indication, no.

Sheldon: Leonard, I’m trapped in quicksand, the axe is dragging me down.

Leonard: Drop axe.

Sheldon: Drop axe. Brilliant.

Leonard: Give me a minute. Sheldon,

Sheldon: Hold on. I have to figure out how to get the bucket, so I can carry the mud past the dragon.

Leonard: Sheldon, you need to work in the morning.

Sheldon: I know.

Leonard: Well then, bed mister.

Sheldon: Five more minutes.

Leonard: Really? You’re going to risk getting sleepy in the middle of your thermodynamic fluctuations seminar? You know what happens when you yawn in public.

Sheldon: Everyone will see my oddly shaped uvula.

Leonard: You don’t want that, do you?

Sheldon: No. But it’s a shame our society mocks the differently uvulated. Who was at the door?

Leonard: Oh, uh, building manager. They have to fix a pipe so the water will be off tomorrow from noon to two.

Sheldon: That’s unacceptable. We’re supposed to be given written notice.

Leonard: No, no, it doesn’t matter, we’ll be at work.

Sheldon: Well, what if I spill tomato soup on my shirt and have to come home to change, only to find there’s no water for an enzyme soak.

Leonard: Bifurcated uvula, Sheldon!

Sheldon: I’ll have the chicken noodle. Goodnight.

Leonard (to Priya): We’re going to have to be very quiet.

Sheldon: I know how to get the bucket! I can turn the axe around and use the handle to reach it. Let’s see. Go north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are in a forest. Oh dear, I believe I’m lost. Well, I’ll just have to get a fresh start tomorrow.

Leonard: No, no, no, no, no. You just need, you just need, you just need to map it out. Come on, I’ll help you. So, uh, you stopped at the stream and you turned north three times?

Sheldon: Yes.

Leonard: You’re right, you’re lost, good luck.

Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Morning. 


Priya: Oh! Leonard, wake up.

Leonard: Huh! Sorry!

Priya: For what?

Leonard: I don’t know. When I’m in bed with a girl, it’s just, it’s my go to response.

Priya: It’s six o’ clock, I have to get back to Raj’s before he wakes up and realises I’m gone.

Leonard: Oh, right, sure. I wish you could stay in LA a while longer.

Priya: Mmm. Me too.

Leonard: You know, I was thinking, there are some great research facilities in India.

Priya: Where are you going with this, Leonard?

Leonard: Well, I’m just saying, I don’t have any real ties here, so if I were to move to New Delhi we could, you know, go out.

Priya: Leonard, didn’t we have this conversation five years ago.

Leonard: Well, yes, but, things have changed, you know, you’re older, I’m older. Look, no more superhero bedsheets.

Priya: Sweetheart, just because we have fun when I come to town doesn’t mean I want to have a serious relationship.

Leonard: It doesn’t?

Priya: Mm-mm. And besides, I could never bring a white boy home to my parents. They’d have a cow. Which is a much bigger deal in India.

Leonard: I’m not that white. My great-great grandmother was half Cherokee. I know that’s not the right kind of Indian but it is something.

Priya: Aha, you’re funny.

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard.

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: I heard a woman laughing.

Leonard: Oh, uh, yeah, I was trying to see if I could laugh as a woman.

Sheldon: Oh. Well, good job, quite convincing. I smell perfume.

Leonard: Air freshener.

Sheldon: And is that lipstick on your cheek and neck.

Leonard: Uh, rash, that’s a bad rash.

Sheldon: My sympathies. I am no stranger to the crimson scourge that is dermatitis. Can I interest you in a topical steroid from my lotion and unguent collection?

Leonard: Uh, yeah, yeah, that sounds great.

Sheldon: Very well, I’m sure I can find something that will help you ditch that itch.

Leonard: Okay, he’s in the bathroom, let’s go.

Sheldon: Do you prefer ointment or cream?

Leonard: Uh, cream.

Sheldon: With or without a numbing agent?

Leonard: Without.

Sheldon: Really? Leonard, there are no heroes when it comes to dermatitis.

Leonard: Fine. With.

Sheldon: Prescription or non-prescription strength.

Leonard: Use your best judgement.

Sheldon: Well, I think I have a nice 2009 AnaMantle HC. It’s usually indicated for acutely inflamed haemorrhoids, but it also goes nicely with non mucosal body parts.

Leonard: Sounds great.

Sheldon: Excellent choice.

Leonard (whispering): Right, right, alright. (They creep almost to the apartment door.)


Sheldon: Priya?

Priya: Good morning, Sheldon.

Sheldon: For shame, Leonard. For shame. And to think I was ready to waste the last of my good haemorrhoid cream on you.

Scene: Leonard’s car. 


Leonard: Making pretty good time, huh?

Sheldon: Is that really what you want to talk about, Leonard?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: What do you want to talk about?

Leonard: Please don’t tell anyone I spent the night with Raj’s sister.

Sheldon: There it is. What if someone asks?

Leonard: No-one’s going to ask if I spent the night with Raj’s sister.

Sheldon: Perhaps. But they might ask me something else.

Leonard: Like what?

Sheldon: Like, has Leonard betrayed any of his friends recently?

Leonard: Priya and I are both adults. We didn’t betray Raj.

Sheldon: In fact, you did, but I was referring to Howard.

Leonard: What are you talking about?

Sheldon: April 12th, 2005, Bob’s Big Boy, Toluca Lake. Raj had just introduced us to Priya for the first time, and she was enjoying the sweet taste of Hindu rebellion in the form of a Bob’s Super Big Boy hamburger. In order to preserve your friendship, you and Howard made a pinky swear that neither of you would attempt to woo her. I had a patty melt.

Leonard: Okay, fine, I betrayed Howard.

Sheldon: And Raj.

Leonard: Alright, and Raj.

Sheldon: And me.

Leonard: You?

Sheldon: Violation of the roommate agreement, overnight guest notification clause.

Leonard: Okay fine, I’m, I’m a horrible human being, I’m the Darth Vader of Pasadena.

Sheldon: You’re far too short to be Darth Vader. At best you might be a turncoat Ewok.

Leonard: My point is, Priya’s gone. And it would be much better if no-one else found out about this.

Sheldon: You mean, you want me to keep a secret.

Leonard: Yes.

Sheldon: You know I can’t keep a secret.

Leonard: You can if you try. Think about it this way, if I were Batman and you were Alfred, you’d keep that secret. Right?

Sheldon: Why do you get to be Batman?

Leonard: Because, well, Batman has the secret.

Sheldon: Well Alfred has secrets too.

Leonard: Like what?

Sheldon: Alfred knows that Barbara Gordon is Batgirl. Which I’ve now just told to Batman. See, I can’t keep a secret.

Scene: Leonard’s lab.


Sheldon: Ta-da!

Leonard: What.

Sheldon: Ta-da. It’s short for da-da-da-da!

Leonard: Kind of busy here, Sheldon.

Sheldon: I know, that’s why I shortened it.

Leonard: What do you want.

Sheldon: I came to go over your alibi for last night.

Leonard: What alibi?

Sheldon: You’ve asked me to lie on your behalf, and as you know, I am deeply uncomfortable with impromptu dishonest, so I’ve provided you with an iron clad alibi. You couldn’t have spent last night with Priya, because you were with another woman.

Leonard: Oh, I’m so sure I’m going to regret this, but, who was I with?

Sheldon: The fun loving, and morally loose, Miss Maggie McGeary.

Leonard: Oh, God.

Sheldon: You met her at Pasadena’s most popular Irish watering hole, Lucky Baldwin’s, where Maggie spends her nights tending bar, with a head full of curls and a heart full of dreams.

Leonard (reading a napkin Sheldon has handed him): Leonard, call me if you’re interested in coitus. Sincerely, Maggie McGeary.

Sheldon: And if anyone were to actually call that number they will hear this.

Mechanical voice on Sheldon’s phone: Top of the morning to you. You’ve reached Maggie McGeary. Leave a message after the wee little beep.

Sheldon: It’s pretty convincing, huh? And it wasn’t even a real person. And here is the clincher. A lock of Maggie’s flaming auburn hair.

Leonard: Where did you get that?

Sheldon: From an orang-u-tan in the primate lab.

Leonard: An orang-u-tan?

Sheldon: Well, no-one’s going to run a DNA test on it, Leonard, honestly you over-think everything.

Leonard: Sheldon, I don’t need an alibi. Nobody’s going to ask about last night as long as you just zip your lip. (Sheldon makes lip zipping movement.) Thankyou. Now don’t worry, everything is going to be fine. (Sheldon writes “I doubt it” on Leonard’s whiteboard.


Scene: The cafeteria.


Leonard: Hey.

Raj: Hey, Leonard, will you please tell Howard my sister’s never been attracted to him.

Leonard: C’mon Raj, how am I supposed to know who she’s attracted to. Or was attracted to. Or who she might be attracted to. In the future.

Sheldon: And I have nothing to contribute to this conversation. Because I too know absolutely nothing about Priya’s preferences in male companionship. And with that, I will re-zip my lip.

Raj: Hey, so what did you guys think of the new episode of Caprica last night?

Leonard: I didn’t see it.

Howard: Didn’t see it? What were you doing?

Leonard: Uh, I was out.

Raj: On Caprica night?

Leonard: Yeah, I, uh, went for a drink.

Howard: Really, you, and where, where did you go?

Leonard: To, uh, Lucky Baldwin’s.

Sheldon: Oh, I’ve heard of that place, isn’t that Pasadena’s favourite Irish watering hole.

Leonard: Yes.

Sheldon: Did you meet anyone interesting there, perhaps a promiscuous redheaded barmaid?

Leonard: As a matter of fact I.. I… I can’t… I can’t… I can’t do it.

Sheldon: Sure you can, you’re doing fine, it’s very believable.

Leonard: Look, I’m sorry Raj, but the truth is I was with Priya last night.

Sheldon: Don’t listen to him, he’s still light headed from all the Irish whiskey and pickled eggs in his system.

Raj: What were you doing with Priya?

Sheldon: I believe they engaged in coitus but, more importantly, if Leonard had not abandoned his story, would you have found it plausible?

Raj: What? You slept with my sister?

Leonard: Yeah.

Howard: How could you? We had a pact!

Raj: Excuse me, I think how could you she’s my sister takes precedence over a five year old pinky swear!

Sheldon: May I point out, in a parallel universe, your friends are saying Maggie McGeary, she sounds lovely.

Leonard: Look, I admit it, I may have crossed a line here, but come on, Raj, your sister is a grown woman. To her, I’m a forbidden piece of white chocolate.

Raj: I… I don’t believe it, this is a terrible betrayal of my trust.

Leonard: No, no, no, would it help if I told you that I offered her my heart and she kind of stomped on it.

Raj: How hard did she stomp?

Leonard: Very hard.

Raj: Okay, I’m good.

Howard: Yeah, well, Raj, I just want to say that I’d never betray your trust. Unlike Leonard, I respect you.

Leonard: Really?

Howard: Mmm.

Leonard: Was it out of respect that you didn’t tell Raj about the time you dropped his iPhone in a urinal?

Raj: Dude! I put that thing on my face!

Sheldon: I think a more amusing violation of Raj’s trust is when Howard convinced him that foreigners give presents to Americans on Thanksgiving.

Howard: Hey, I didn’t see you giving back your Snoopy snowcone maker.

Raj: That was all a lie? This year’s gifts are already wrapped!

Howard: And as long as we’re talking about betraying our friends, how about the month Sheldon spent grinding up insects and mixing them into Leonard’s food.

Sheldon: Well, excuse me. That was not a betrayal, that was an experiment to determine at what concentration food starts tasting mothy.

Leonard: You put moths in my food?

Sheldon: For science.

Raj: I can’t believe you kissed my sister with moth mouth.

Leonard: Well, uh, I can’t believe you used Sheldon’s toothbrush.

Sheldon: You used my toothbrush?

Raj: Not the brush part, just the little rubber thing to pick food from my teeth and massage my gums.

Leonard: Okay, I, I, I think it’s safe to say that we’ve all done some things we’re not particularly proud of. But come on, we’re friends. Friends overlook each other’s minor lapses. For the record, Howard, I’m sorry that I broke our pact.

Howard: Thankyou, and I’m sorry about your phone. And Thanksgiving. And while we’re at it, you don’t have to wash our clothes on the fourth of July.

Raj: As long as we’re apologising, Sheldon, I, I’m sorry I used your toothbrush.

Sheldon: And I’m sorry. But that behaviour is beyond the pale and cannot be tolerated. We are no longer friends.

Raj: I got you a talking Thomas the Tank Engine for Thanksgiving.

Sheldon: With real puffing smoke?

Raj: Yes.

Sheldon: Alright. But I’m watching you.

Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is making snowcones.


Leonard: Hey, you got Snoopy out. Can I have a snowcone?

Sheldon: Well, sure.

Leonard: These are pretty god, what flavour is this?

Sheldon: Guess.

Leonard: Papaya?

Sheldon: No.

Leonard: Guava?

Sheldon: You’re so close.

Leonard: I give up.

Sheldon: Mango, caterpillar. What are you doing? You said you liked it!

































































Series 4 Episode 07 – The Apology Insufficiency
Scene: The University Cafeteria.

Leonard: No, seriously, I think I’ve finally figured out my problem with women.

Sheldon: The capybara is the largest member of the rodent family.

Leonard: What does that have to do with me and women?

Sheldon: Nothing. It was a desperate attempt to introduce an alternate topic of conversation.

Leonard: My problem is, I don’t project confidence. So I decided that the next time I meet a woman I think is attractive, rather than holding back and being cautious, I’m going to assume the mantle of self-assurance.

Raj: Oh, yeah? What’s that look like?

Leonard: Hi. I’m Leonard. And you are beautiful. You pop, sparkle and buzz electric. I’m going to pick you up at eight, show you a night you will never forget.

Raj: Where are we going?

Howard: Good news. I made it onto the team for the new Defence Department laser-equipped surveillance satellite.

Sheldon: Excuse me. If we’re changing topics, I believe I have first dibs with capybara, a rodent the size of a baby hippo.

Leonard: Congratulations Howard.

Howard: Thanks. Listen, I have to get a security clearance, so you guys might be hearing from the FBI.

Raj: Whoa, whoa, whoa! I don’t want to speak to the FBI.

Leonard: Why not?

Raj: I’m brown and I talk funny.

Howard: They’re just doing a background check on me.

Raj: It doesn’t matter. They’ll find a reason to give me a one-way ticket back to Gandhi-ville. By the way, when I say that, it’s not offensive.

Leonard: Don’t be ridiculous, Raj. You’re here legally.

Raj: Nobody cares. Do you know how long it’s been since I got through airport security without being given a colonoscopy?

Sheldon: You know, I try very hard to make our lunch hours educational and informative, but your insistence on talking about your own lives stymies me at every turn.

Leonard: Fine, Sheldon, tell us about your giant rodents.

Sheldon: No, you squandered your time with me, and the moment has now passed. Feast on your disappointment, much as the capybara feasts on its own waste.

Credits sequence.


Scene: Raj’s apartment. Raj is reading New Moon.

Raj: Oh, Bella, don’t you see? Edward’s only pushing you away because he loves you. (Knock on door) Coming.

Woman at Door: Dr. Koothrappali? (Raj nods) I’m Special Agent Page, FBI. May I come in? (Nods again) I’d like to talk to you about Howard Wolowitz. (Indicates sofa) Oh, thank you. All right. Well, how long have you known Mr. Wolowitz?

Raj (Holds up finger to indicate he will be right back. Runs to kitchen. Tries to drink wine but bottle is empty. Looks in fridge and finds rum cake. Comes back stuffing a piece in his mouth): Rum cake?

Page: No, thanks. Now, about Mr. Wolowitz.

Raj: Seven years.

Page: I see.

Raj: I’m in this country legally, you know.

Page: I’m sure you are. Now, to your knowledge, has Mr. Wolowitz ever committed a crime?

Raj: Of course not. I’m here on an H-1B visa, which means I can’t be associated in any way with crime or criminal activity. And I’m not.

Page: Good. To your knowledge, does Mr. Wolowitz have any foreign contacts?

Raj: No, just me. Oh, there it is. Here comes a cavity search.

Page: Excuse me?

Raj: Please don’t send me back to India, it’s so crowded. It’s like the whole country is one endless Comic-Con, except everybody’s wearing the same costume, Indian Guy.

Page: Dr. Koothrappali, I’m not…

Raj: I love this country! The-the baseball, the freedom, the rampant morbid obesity! From California to the New York Island, I’m a real Yankee Doodle boy!

Page: Dr. Koothrappali, please.

Raj: My country ’tis of thee, duh duh duh liberty, It’s really great.

Scene: Leonard’s lab. 

Leonard: So, when Howard said the FBI would be contacting me, I was expecting Mulder. Glad to see I got Scully.

Page: Who?

Leonard: Mulder and Scully. X-Files. The truth is out there. Never mind. Uh, so, what would you like to know?

Page: You work with Mr. Wolowitz here at the university, correct?

Leonard: Yes. Of course, we’re in different departments. He’s an engineer and I’m an experimental physicist. You know, one of those guys who examines the building blocks of creation and says, Hello, maker of the universe, I see what you did there. Good one.

Page: Right. Now, how would you characterize your relationship with Mr. Wolowitz?

Leonard: Good. It’s a good relationship. Of course, most of my relationships are good. Probably because I exude confidence. People are drawn to that, you know? Confidence, not exuding.

Page: Do you know of any groups Mr. Wolowitz is a member of?

Leonard: You are beautiful, you know that? You pop, sparkle and buzz electric. I’m going to pick you up at eight, show you a night you will never forget.

Page: Sounds great.

Leonard: Really?

Page: Yeah. Can my six-foot-two Navy SEAL husband come with us?

Leonard: Is that, oh, my, I didn’t see the ring with my glasses off, so, look at that, I’m starting to exude.

Scene: The apartment. There is a knock on the door.

Leonard: Want to get that?

Sheldon: Not particularly.

Leonard: Could you get that?

Sheldon: I suppose I could if I were asked.

Leonard: Would you please get that?

Sheldon: Of course. Why do you have to make things so complicated?

Page: Dr. Cooper?

Sheldon: Yes.

Page: I’m Special Agent Page, FBI.

Sheldon: You say you’re Special Agent Page, FBI.

Page: Here’s my I.D.

Sheldon: And here is my Justice League membership card. But that doesn’t prove I know Batman.

Page: I just want to ask you a few questions about Howard Wolowitz.

Sheldon: Oh. All right. I doubt anyone would risk the stiff penalties for impersonating a federal officer just to ask questions about a minor league engineer with an unresolved Oedipal complex.

Page: Thank you.

Sheldon: For the record, I truly support the FBI in the mission which is expressed through their motto?

Page: Fidelity, bravery, integrity?

Sheldon: Correct. Now to business. 18 years ago, I sent the FBI Crime Lab samples from a bag of excrement that had been lit on fire on my front porch for fingerprinting and DNA analysis. Why haven’t I heard back yet?

Page: Well, the FBI Crime Lab does have a lot on its plate.

Sheldon: That’s of little comfort to a nation attempting to scrape burning feces off its shoes.

Page: Would you mind if we talked about Mr. Wolowitz now?

Sheldon: A little, but go on.

Page: Thank you. Would you characterize him as responsible?

Sheldon: I’m going to answer that with a visual aid. This is my nine-disc complete Lord of the Rings trilogy blu-ray set.  Mr. Wolowitz borrowed it, damaged plastic retention hub number three, and then returned it to me, hoping I wouldn’t notice. Would you characterize that as responsible?

Page: That’s really not the sort of thing we’re interested in.

Sheldon: You heard me say blu-ray, right?

Page: I did.

Sheldon: Very well. Would you be interested in knowing that Mr. Wolowitz once snuck onto my World of Warcraft account and changed the name of a certain level-80 warlock from Sheldor to Smeldor?

Page: I’m afraid not. Is there anything else?

Sheldon: Is there anything else? Where would you like to start? He refuses to pay fines when he’s overdue with books I lend him. He crashed the Mars Rover while attempting to impress a woman. He recommended that I go see the third Matrix movie because it was, and I quote, just as good as the first one. If that’s not irresponsible, I don’t know what is.

Page: The Mars Rover?

Sheldon: Did I say Mars Rover?

Page: You did.

Sheldon: That was actually a poorly chosen example, as it had nothing to do with me.

Page: Yes, well, let’s talk about it anyway.

Sheldon: I don’t want to. Not that my disinclination to discuss the topic should be interpreted as evidence of Howard Wolowitz’s culpability in the destruction of government property worth millions of dollars.

Page: Thank you, Dr. Cooper. I think I have all I need.

Sheldon: Oh, good. I was afraid you were going to fixate on that Mars Rover incident.

Scene: The cafeteria.

Howard: Hey, buddies. Guess who didn’t get security clearance to work on the giant space laser?

Leonard: What happened?

Howard: Apparently, the background interviews didn’t go well. You guys wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?

Raj: Well, actually, I may have gotten a little tipsy when I talked to her.

Leonard: And I may have hit on her a little bit.

Raj: I may have thrown up rum cake on her shoes.

Howard: I see. Well, it’s good to know, when I need you guys, I can always count on you to step up and ruin everything.

Leonard: I feel awful.

Raj: Ah, me, too.

Leonard: To tell you the truth, I thought if anyone was going to screw things up for Howard, it’d be Sheldon.

Sheldon: Well, your expectations have been subverted. Aha.

Scene: The apartment.

Leonard: What are you doing up?

Sheldon: Sleep eludes me, Leonard.

Leonard: Really? Maybe sleep has met you before.

Sheldon: Mockery? That’s all you have to offer?

Leonard: I’m sorry. Why can’t you sleep?

Sheldon: Who knows? I haven’t watched any scary movies recently. I’m no longer obsessing over why the predicted mass of the quantum vacuum has little effect on the expansion of the universe. And it’s been weeks since I took that accidental sip of Red Bull.

Leonard: Did something happen today that’s bothering you?

Sheldon: Well, I did mention the Mars Rover incident to that FBI agent and probably cost Howard his security clearance.

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: But why should that keep me up?

Leonard: Because you feel guilty?

Sheldon: Interesting. So you’re saying my insomnia is caused by a guilty conscience.

Leonard: Actually, you don’t have insomnia. You’re sleeping now.

Sheldon: Excuse me?

Leonard: You’re having a guilt-ridden dream.

Sheldon: Do you have any evidence to support that hypothesis?

Leonard: How about that Gorn sitting on the couch?

Sheldon: That seems fairly conclusive. (In his bed) No, Gorn, no. That’s where I sit.

Scene: Agent Page’s Office.

Sheldon: Thank you for agreeing to see me, Agent Page.

Page: Thank you for filing a complaint with my superior, Dr. Cooper. I understand you want to recant your statement about Howard Wolowitz.

Sheldon: Yes.

Page: Was your statement untrue?

Sheldon: No.

Page: Then I’m afraid you can’t withdraw it.

Sheldon: I’m sorry. I don’t recall you saying no backsies.

Page: Is there anything else?

Sheldon: Yes. I’d like to offer a laudatory statement about Howard’s many excellent qualities that I believe will tip the scales back in his favour. Howard Joel Wolowitz. H is for honesty, of which he has much. O’s for outstanding, which he is such. W’s for witty, he’s quick with a joke. A’s for artistic, his ability…

Page: I’m sorry, Dr. Cooper, this matter is already closed.

Sheldon: But I still have rd Joel Wolowitz left to go.

Page: It’s closed.

Sheldon: I don’t understand why you people are picking on my friend, Howard, when there are much more serious security threats to pursue. For instance, when I first met Leonard, he was on the verge of giving away rocket secrets to a North Korean spy, and not one agent ever investigated that.

Page: This is Leonard Hofstadter?

Sheldon: No, it’s a different Leonard. He’s Chinese, red hair, six fingers. Good-bye.

Scene: A corridor at the university.

Sheldon: Raj. Have you seen Howard?

Raj: I think he’s eating lunch. Uh, Sheldon, I want you to meet Neil deGrasse Tyson from the Hayden Planetarium in New York.

Sheldon: I’m quite familiar with Dr. Tyson. He’s responsible for the demotion of Pluto from planetary status. I liked Pluto. Ergo I do not like you.

Dr Tyson: But I actually didn’t demote Pluto. That was a vote of the International Astronomical Union.

Sheldon: If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we’d all have a merry Christmas. Think about that, Dr. Tyson.

Dr Tyson: Is that the guy you were telling me about?

Raj: Oh, yeah.

Scene: The cafeteria.

Sheldon: Howard. The person at fault for you not getting a security clearance is me.

Howard: You?

Sheldon: Yes, but before you get upset, I want you to know I went to the FBI and retracted my statement.

Howard: And they were okay with that?

Sheldon: No. If anything, I made it worse. In any case, I have been riddled with guilt, which is causing Gorn-infested REM sleep. So, I’m here now to say I’m sorry.

Howard: Are you kidding me? You’ve set my career back at least two years, and you think you can make it right with I’m sorry?

Sheldon: Yes. I followed the social protocol. I attempted to right the wrong, and when I failed to do so I delivered a heartfelt apology. Now you say apology accepted, and I will offer you a one-time-only high five.

Howard: Your apology is not accepted.

Sheldon: You’re tricking me. It really is, isn’t it?

Howard: Leave me alone, Sheldon.

Dr Tyson: Dr. Cooper, I just wanted you to know I’m sorry for the role I played in the Pluto matter.

Sheldon: Oh, shut up.

Scene: The bar of the Cheesecake Factory.

Penny: Sheldon?

Sheldon: Hello.

Penny: What are you doing here?

Sheldon: I have troubles, Penny. I’ve come to pour them out to the sympathetic ear of the local barkeep.

Penny: You know, they have a really nice bar over at the Olive Garden.

Sheldon: I don’t like the Olive Garden. They treat me like family.

Penny: Okay, Sheldon. What can I get you?

Sheldon: Alcohol.

Penny: Could you be a little more specific?

Sheldon: Ethyl alcohol. 40 millilitres.

Penny: I’m sorry, honey, I don’t know millilitres.

Sheldon: Ah. Blame President James “Jimmy” Carter. He started America on a path to the metric system but then just gave up. He wonders why he was a one-term president.

Penny (pouring out a shot of tequila): Would you say that’s about 40 milliliters?

Sheldon: More or less.

Penny: Great. (Drinks the tequila) Now, where were we?

Sheldon: I believe you were about to ask me to choose a cocktail. Fortunately, thanks to computer-savvy alcoholics, there’s an app for that. Let’s see. Harvey Wallbanger. Eh. Sex on the Beach. I hardly think so. Rob Roy, Silk Slipper, Mad Hatter. Ooh! I’ll have a Rosewater Ricky.

Penny: A what?

Sheldon: You’ll need pitted, brandied cherries, gin, rosewater, angostura bitters and overproofed rum. Now, first, dust the cherries with sugar, then spray them with a mixture of rum and bitters. Then ignite the rum, caramel…

Penny (pouring out a shot of tequila): Here you go, one Rosewater Ricky.

Sheldon: That’s not how it looks in the picture.

Penny: Oh, yeah, you know, every bartender makes it differently. Why don’t you give it a try.

Sheldon: All right. To the metric system. (Knocks back drink. Spits it all back into glass.) I can’t taste the cherries.

Penny: All right. Sheldon, what’s on your mind?

Sheldon: I wronged Howard, and he won’t accept my apology.

Penny: Oh, right, that. Yes, Leonard told me. Sorry, honey.

Sheldon: Penny, you face failure on a daily basis. How do you cope?

Penny: I drink.

Sheldon: To drinking. (Knocks back drink and spits it out again.) Nope. Oh, if only there were some way to force Howard to accept my apology so I could escape this miasma of guilt.

Penny: You know, sometimes stuff just happens, and there’s nothing you can do about it. For example, Lisa Peterson hasn’t talked to me since the 11th grade, because no matter how much you apologize, you can’t go back and un-dry-hump someone’s boyfriend.

Sheldon: I see. You’re saying I’m facing Starfleet Academy’s unwinnable command scenario, the Kobayashi Maru.

Penny: Exactly. Sometimes you can’t win.

Sheldon: Captain Kirk won.

Penny: Kirk cheated.

Sheldon: Impressive that you know that. It’s hard to believe I’m actually having this conversation with you.

Penny: Right there with you.

Sheldon: Kirk beat the Kobayashi Maru by reprogramming the simulator. That’s it.

Penny: What?

Sheldon: I’ll reprogram Howard.

Penny: What? Sheldon, you can’t reprogram people.

Sheldon: No, you can’t reprogram people. To James Tiberius Kirk. (Drinks. Leaves. Comes back and spits it out again.)

Scene: The cafeteria.

Sheldon: Hello, all.

Raj: Hello.

Leonard: Hey.

Sheldon: Howard, you’re feeling better about me today, aren’t you?

Howard: Not really.

Sheldon: Yes, you are. I’m using neurolinguistic programming to modify your thought patterns.

Howard: Oh. Go away, Sheldon.

Sheldon: There’s a nine ninety five e-book down the drain.

Raj: What’s in the bag?

Sheldon: It’s for Howard.

Howard: Oh. Sheldon, you can’t fix this with gifts.

Sheldon: Nevertheless, I’ve hurt you, and whether you forgive me or not, I want you to have this.

Howard: You’re giving me a couch cushion?

Sheldon: No. The cushion is merely symbolic. I’m giving you my spot on the couch.

Howard: But you love that spot.

Sheldon: No. I love my mother. My feelings for my spot are much greater. It is the singular location in space around which revolves my entire universe. And now it’s yours.

Raj: Oh, my God, dude. Now you have to forgive him.

Howard: All right. Apology accepted.

Sheldon: High five. Not too hard. Thank you.

Raj: I haven’t cried like this since Toy Story 3.

Scene: The apartment. 

Howard: I got to tell you, Sheldon, I understand why you chose this spot. I mean, the temperature is good, but there’s no draft. I can see the television, but I can still talk to…

Sheldon: I changed my mind. Get out of my spot.

Penny: How long?

Leonard: 94 seconds.




















































Series 4 Episode 08 – The 21 Second Excitation
Scene: The apartment.

Penny: Okay, help me out here. How does an archaeology professor get that good with a whip?

Howard: Maybe he took a class at the adult bookstore. That’s how I learned.

Leonard: I can’t believe you’ve never seen Raiders of the Lost Ark.

Penny: And I can’t believe you’ve never read Eat, Pray, Love.

Leonard: When she comes out with Eat, Pray, Run Away From A Giant Boulder, I’ll read it.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): I don’t care if Eat, Pray, Love changed your life, I’m not reading it.

Penny: You know, I could totally rock a hat like that.

Sheldon: That’s the work of noted Hollywood costume designer Deborah Nadoolman. She also designed the iconic red and black jacket in Michael Jackson’s Thriller video, which I’ve never viewed in its entirety, as I find zombies dancing in choreographed synchronicity implausible. And also, it’s really scary.

Leonard: Would someone please turn off the Sheldon commentary track?

Sheldon: There’s no switch. Just listen and learn.

Howard: Penny, if you think this is good, you should come with us Friday to see it on the big screen at the Colonial.

Penny: Well, I’m watching it now. Why would I want to see it again on Friday?

Sheldon: Because the print they’re showing on Friday has an additional 21 seconds of previously unseen footage.

Penny: What, 21 seconds? That’ll be like seeing a whole new movie!

Leonard: Exactly. They say it finally solves the submarine controversy.

Sheldon: Did Leonard? I’m no expert, but I believe what we just heard from Penny was sarcasm. (She indicates it was) Oh, good. I’m eight for 26 this month.

Penny: Yeah, I think I’ll pass. But you guys enjoy your extra 21 seconds.

Leonard: Bet if I could make you understand why this is such a cool thing, we’d still be together.

Penny: Mm, yeah, no, we wouldn’t.

Howard: Uh-huh. I’m guessing 21 seconds had something to do with that, too.

Credits sequence. 


Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.

Sheldon: May I point out to you all that the screening is first come, first served?

Leonard: Relax, it’s five o’clock. The movie doesn’t start till midnight.

Sheldon: Another way of saying that is the movie starts at midnight, and it’s already five o’clock. Let’s go.

Howard: You know, if we miss it, we’ll have the fun of listening to Sheldon whine about it for the rest of our lives.

Sheldon: See? Howard’s on my side.

Howard: Actually, I’m not. I’m using sarcasm to mock you.

Sheldon: Drat. Now I’m 8 for 27.

Leonard: Don’t worry, Sheldon. We’ll be fine.

Sheldon: What happened to the Leonard Hofstadter who waited in line with me for 14 hours to see the midnight premiere of Star Trek: Nemesis?

Leonard: Oh. Well, he waited in line for 14 hours, while you napped in a lawn chair, he got in a fight with a Klingon when he stepped out of line to pee and you wouldn’t wake up to vouch for him, and worst of all, he saw Star Trek: Nemesis.

Sheldon: But how were our seats?

Leonard: Excellent.

Sheldon: I rest my case. Amy, don’t you agree we should leave now and get in line?

Amy: Actually, as the newest member of your social group, I believe I’ll gain more acceptance by arbitrarily siding with your friends from time to time.

Sheldon: Shrewd.

Amy: Leonard, you’re right. We should enjoy our meal, arrive late, and risk winding up with terrible seats, assuming we get in at all.

Leonard: Thank you, Amy.

Amy: See? It’s working.

Bernadette: Knock-knock.

Howard: Who’s there?

Bernadette: Olive.

Howard: Olive you, too.

Leonard: Guys, that’s really starting to get old.

Howard: Knock-knock.

Leonard: Who’s there?

Howard: I have a girlfriend and you don’t.

Leonard: Hysterical!

Sheldon: Wait, now, we don’t know that yet. He isn’t finished. I have a girlfriend and you don’t who?

Howard: So. Are you sure you don’t want to come with us to Raiders?

Bernadette: Oh, no. That movie has melting faces. It reminds me too much of the time I dropped that vial of flesh-eating bacteria into the Rhesus monkey lab. Besides, Penny and I are having a girls’ night tonight.

Amy: Girls’ night? What does that entail?

Bernadette: Oh, you know, girls get together, hang out, share girl talk.

Amy: I’m a girl.

Bernadette: Oh. Well, maybe you can join us. I’ll ask Penny.

Amy: No need. Penny and I are very close.

Bernadette: You are?

Amy: Yes. In fact, our menses are synchronized. Penny. Bernadette tells me you’re planning a girls’ night.

Penny: Yeah?

Amy: I’m a girl.

Penny: Oh. Um, it was, it was just going to be me and Bernadette. Besides, I thought you were going to the movies with Sheldon and the guys.

Amy: Yes, but they’re not girls. I’m a girl.

Penny: Yeah, no, no, I-I-I got that.

Amy: What’s the dress code?

Penny: Uh, just wear something comfortable.

Amy: All right. I’ll have to go shopping.

Sheldon: Knock-knock.

Leonard: Who‘s there?

Sheldon: Hugh.

Leonard: Hugh who?

Sheldon: Hugh people need to listen to me. It’s time to get in line for the movie. And that’s how you tell a knock-knock joke.

Scene: The movie theatre. The line is incredibly long.

Sheldon: Under normal circumstances I’d say, I told you so. But as I have told you so with such vehemence and frequency already, the phrase has lost all meaning. Therefore, I will be replacing it with the phrase I informed you thusly.

Howard: Ooh. Can’t wait for that to start.

Sheldon: I informed you thusly.

Raj: Eight for 28.

Sheldon: This is where we could have been if we hadn’t stopped for dinner. This is where we could have been if Koothrappali hadn’t ordered dessert.

Raj: Well I earned it, dude, I ate all my broccoli.

Sheldon: And here’s where we are. The runts in a large litter, unlikely to ever reach the nourishing teats of Indiana Jones.

Leonard: So I guess it’s a good thing we stopped for dinner.

Raj: You know, guys, when facing disappointment, Eat, Pray, Love teaches us–

Howard: Oh, shut up.

Scene: Penny’s apartment.

Amy: So anyway, to make a long story short, turns out I have an unusually firm cervix.

Penny: You know Amy, when we say girl talk, it doesn’t just have to be about our lady parts.

Amy: Shame. ‘Cause I have a real zinger about my titled uterus.

Bernadette: Penny, your nails look great.

Penny: Oh, thanks. I found this place in Alhambra. It’s in a woman’s basement. I think it’s a front

for human trafficking, but they do a really good job.

Amy: A colleague of mine did her graduate thesis on the fungus that grows on improperly sterilized manicure implements. Well don’t tell me that’s not girl talk.

Penny: So where should we go tonight? A bar? A club? A movie?

Bernadette: Or we could just stay here.

Amy: Yes, and continue to bond. I have a feeling that after tonight, one of you will become my best friend forever. Or BFF, if you prefer. Which I don’t.

Penny: All right, time to open Bachelor Number Two.

Bernadette: Gee, I don’t know if I should drink more. I have to drive home, and I’ve got enough trouble seeing over the dashboard as it is.

Penny: That’s okay. Y ou can just sleep here.

Amy: Oh, good, a slumber party! We’ll do makeovers, initiate phony phone calls, and have spirited pillow fights in our frilly nighties!

Penny: Oh, gosh, Amy. I don’t know if I would call this an actual slumber party.

Amy: Well, that’s disappointing. I’ve always wanted to be invited to a slumber party.

Bernadette: Oh, you never were?

Penny: Not even when you were a kid?

Amy: Well, there was the time I had my tonsils out, and I shared a room with a little Vietnamese girl. She didn’t make it through the night, but up till then, it was kind of fun.

Penny: Okay. Well, I guess we’re having a slumber party. Oh!

Amy: Pillow fight!

Scene: The movie line. 

Leonard: Oh, I hope they let us in soon. I’m tired of running to the gas station to use the bathroom. The guy makes me buy a Gatorade every time. It’s a vicious circle.

Howard: Too bad you don’t have a stadium pal like me.

Leonard: What’s a stadium pal?

Howard: Let me put it this way, takes care of the bathroom problem, and it keeps your calf warm.

Raj: Hey, guys, bad news. I just did a quick calculation. Given the size of the theatre  and the length of this line, we might not get seats.

Sheldon: What did he say?

Leonard: Nice going, Raj, just got him down for his nap.

Sheldon: We might not get seats?

Leonard: It’s fine, it’s fine. Go back to sleep.

Sheldon: Oh, I informed you thusly. I so informed you thusly.

Leonard: Howard, you talk to him. Howard? You’re peeing, aren’t you?

Wil Wheaton: Hey, look who’s here! Hey, buddies!

Sheldon: Well, if it isn’t Wil Wheaton, the Jar Jar Binks of the Star Trek universe.

Wil: Mee-sa think that very funny.

Sheldon: Well, you-sa can go think that at the back of the line. No cuts, no buts, no coconuts.

Theatre Staff: Wil Wheaton.

Wil: Yeah.

Theatre Staff: I’m a big fan.

Sheldon: Of what? Poorly executed beards?

Wil: Do you think you could get me and my friends into the movie? We got here a little late.

Theatre Staff: No problem. Come on, I’ll hook you up.

Wil: Oh, awesome. We-sa gonna go into the movie now. Bye-bye.

Sheldon: This is Indiana Jones, not Star Trek. There should be no value to his pseudo-celebrity here. And even at Star Trek conventions, they only let him in if he helps set up.

Leonard: Calm down, Sheldon.

Sheldon: I will not calm down. This affront to justice and decency cannot go unanswered. As Captain Jean-Luc Picard once said, the line must be drawn here! This far, no farther!

Leonard: Had to wake him up from his nap, didn’t you?

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Bernadette: You know what I really love about Howard? His chest hair.

Penny: Howard has a hairy chest?

Bernadette: No, just the one. But it’s really long.

Penny: Okay, there you go, Sultry Sunrise Red. What do you think?

Amy: My nails have never looked so pretty before. Get it off.

Scene: The movie line. 

Raj: Oh, oh, uh, looks like they’re getting ready to let people in.

Sheldon: Listen to what Mr. Wil Wheaton is tweeting. Best seats in house for Raiders screening. Suck on that, Sheldon Cooper.

Leonard: Why do you read his Twitter feed? You know it’s only going to upset you.

Sheldon: I believe in knowing my enemy, Leonard. Had Twitter existed at the time, would not General Custer have followed the tweets of Sitting Bull? Would not Lee have followed Grant? Would not Spy have followed Spy? I have more examples, but excuse me. (On phone) Hello. Well, this seems like an odd time to test my cell phone quality, but go on. Test phrases? All right. Imatote. Ulbu. Twad. All together? I’m a total buttwad. Why are you laughing? Hello?

Scene: Penny’s apartment.

Penny: And that, girls, is how you make a phony phone call.

Amy: I’m not sure I grasp the full entertainment value, but all right. Next on Wikipedia’s list of slumber party activities, Truth or Dare.

Penny: Okay, it’s your game. You go first.

Amy: Hang on. I’m familiarizing myself with the rules. Seems fairly straightforward. Bernadette, truth or dare?

Bernadette: Truth.

Amy: All right. To what temperature must you heat beef in order to kill the prion that causes bovine spongiform encephalopathy?

Bernadette: Um.

Amy: Remember, you have to answer honestly.

Penny: Wait. No, Amy, you’re supposed to ask her something personal or embarrassing.

Amy: Oh. All right. What is the circumference of your areolas?

Scene: The movie line. 

Sheldon: Munching on complimentary popcorn. Woot, woot. Oh, the gall. I hope his next tweet is popcorn lodged in trachea, choking to death, woot, woot.

Theatre staff: Guys, I am sorry. We are full up.

Sheldon: No!

Theatre staff: We’re full up.

Leonard: We really want to see this. Is there anything you can do?

Theatre staff: Sorry. Fire regulations. Should’ve gotten here earlier.

Sheldon: This is nothing but a blatant abuse of power by a petty functionary. Explain to me why Wil Wheaton and his lackeys get in and we don’t.

Theatre staff: ‘Cause I’m the petty functionary with the clipboard, bitch.

Howard: I guess that’s that. Let’s go home.

Sheldon: You know what? I’m going back to I told you so. I told you so.

Raj: We can still see something. Uh, the new Sandra Bullock movie is playing two blocks away. You know Sandy B always brings it.

Sheldon: Look, a side door. Come on, Short Round.

Howard: I guess we’d better go after him.

Leonard: Short Round?

Raj: Indy’s young sidekick from Temple of Doom.

Leonard: Yeah, I know who it is, but why is it me?

Raj: You’re right. It should be a cuddly Asian boy. Like me.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Amy: And Absolon hath kist hir nether yea, and Nicholas is scalded in the towte. This tale is doon, and God save al the rowte.”

Penny: What the hell was that?

Amy: Bernadette dared me to tell a dirty story. The Miller’s Tale by Chaucer is the dirtiest story I know. It would have been hidden in sock drawers if people in the 14th century had worn socks.

Bernadette: I thought it was pretty spicy. Especially the part where he kisses her nether yea.

Amy: You might not like it as much if you knew what nether yea meant. Hint, if one cares about hygiene, one ought not be kissing it.

Bernadette: Okay, my turn. Penny, truth or dare?

Penny: Truth.

Bernadette: Why are you still hanging out with Leonard so much even though you broke up with him?

Amy: Oh, that’s an excellent question. For two people who claim to be no longer pair-bonded, you spend an inordinate amount of time in each other’s company.

Bernadette: Yeah.

Penny: Dare.

Amy: I don’t believe the rules allow for an ex post facto option change.

Bernadette: Yeah.

Penny: Okay, look, just because we’re not seeing each other anymore doesn’t mean we can’t be friends. I mean, Leonard’s a great guy.

Amy: Then, why did you terminate your relationship with him?

Penny: I don’t know. He got really serious, and I wasn’t ready for it.

Amy: Interesting. How will you react if, in the future, you become ready for it, and Leonard is unavailable, because another woman has realized that he is, to use your words, a great guy?

Penny: You can only ask one question.

Amy and Bernadette together: That one.

Penny: You know what, I don’t want to play anymore.

Amy: Well, I’m not sure how this is scored, but I believe we may have won.

Scene: The movie theatre.

Leonard: Sheldon? Sheldon?

Howard: Where did he go? (Raj whistles) We’re looking for Sheldon, not Marmaduke.

Sheldon: You whistled?

Leonard: What is that?

Sheldon: Raiders of the Lost Ark, with 21 additional seconds. If I can’t see it, no one else can see it.

Leonard: Sheldon, this is crazy.

Sheldon: No. Crazy was leaving the projection booth unattended.

Leonard: Listen to me. You are over-tired. You’re not thinking right. Put the movie back before we get into trouble.

Sheldon: Trouble is my middle name, Leonard. Actually, it’s Lee, but I prefer Trouble.

Wil Wheaton: Oh, look who they let in.

Sheldon: Don’t worry, Wil Wheaton. I was just leaving.  Da-da-da-da, da-da-da!

Howard: Come on, Short Round.

Leonard: Yeah.

Scene: Outside the movie theatre.

Sheldon: Da-da-da-da, da-da-da!

Raj: Come on, guys! Hurry up! Hurry up!

Howard: Let’s see you run with a bag of urine strapped to your leg.

Wil: He’s got the movie! Get him!

Sheldon: Why is there never a pontoon plane when you need one?

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Bernadette: She’s been in there a long time.

Amy: Clearly, losing Truth or Dare upset her. Perhaps we should try to take her mind off it with another popular slumber party activity.

Bernadette: Ooh, like what?

Amy: Well, the Internet suggests that slumber party guests often engage in harmless experimentation with lesbianism.

Bernadette: Where exactly on the Internet have you been looking?

Amy: Penny?

Penny: Oh, hey, Amy. Look, I’m sorry I got so upset. I just,whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,whoa! What are you doing?

Amy: Don’t worry. I’ll avoid the nether yea.

Bernadette: I might have gone with eating raw cookie dough.


















Series 4 Episode 09 – The Boyfriend Complexity
Scene: The apartment. 

Raj: You know who’s got to be the bravest person in the Marvel Universe? Whoever has to give She-Hulk a bikini wax.

Howard: You want to talk brave, how about Captain America’s undocumented Mexican gardener?

Leonard: He’s not braver than whoever uses the bathroom after The Thing?

Sheldon: As usual, you’re all wrong. The bravest person in the Marvel Universe is the doctor who gives Wolverine his prostate exam.

Howard: How about the guy who gets a prostate exam from Wolverine?

Sheldon: Now you just being silly. Wolverine’s never displayed the slightest interest in helping others prevent prostate cancer. (Answering phone) Hello. Yes, the elevator’s out of order you’ll have to use the stairs. Of course you can. Pizza dates back to the 16th century, while the first elevator was not installed until 1852. That means that for over 300 years, people carried pizzas up stairs. Be part of that proud tradition.

Leonard: I’ll go get Penny while that guy spits on our food.

Raj: Do you think they gave Wolverine an Adamantium prostate?

Howard: That’s a stupid question.

Raj: We’re having a conversation about probing the heinies of superheroes. There are no stupid questions.

Scene: Penny’s door. 


Man: Yes?

Leonard: Oh, um, is Penny here?

Man: You’re Leonard, right?

Leonard: Yeah.

Man: Damn, it’s good to finally meet you, son.

Leonard: Okay, I think a bit of context here might help.

Penny: Oh, hey, Leonard. I see you met my dad.

Leonard: Oh, good. Context.

Penny’s Dad: Come on in, buddy. Take a load off.

Penny: Oh, gee, dad, Leonard can’t stay. He just dropped by to say hello. Thanks for stopping by, sweetie. I’ll see you later. (Kisses him passionately) Bye.

Leonard: That was odd.

Credits sequence. 


Scene: The apartment. 

Sheldon: Are you sure you have enough comics? You’re going to be monitoring the telescope for 12 hours, and by my estimate, you’ve only selected seven hours of reading material. That’s even factoring in your difficulty in parsing American comic book idioms like Bamf and Snikt.

Raj: Is that racist? It feels racist.

Howard: Don’t be oversensitive. He’s calling you illiterate, not your race.

Raj: Oh, okay. Good. I don’t need more comics. Howard’s gonna stop by, we’re gonna play intergalactic battleship and Indian Monopoly.

Sheldon: I don’t care for novelty editions of Monopoly. I prefer the classics, regular and Klingon.

Howard: Actually, Indian Monopoly’s just like regular, except the money’s in Rupees, instead of hotels you build call centers, and when you pick a chance card, you might die of dysentery. Just FYI, that was racist.

Leonard: You’ll never guess what just happened.

Sheldon: You went out in the hallway, stumbled into an interdimensional portal which brought you 5,000 years into the future, where you took advantage of the advanced technology to build a time machine, and now you’re back to bring us all with you to the year 7010 where we are transported to work at the thinkatorium by telepathically controlled flying dolphins?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: Aw.

Leonard: Penny kissed me.

Sheldon: Well, who would ever guess that?

Raj: What… what kind of a kiss?

Leonard: A big kiss. On the mouth.

Howard: Is it possible that she was going for your cheek and you moved and she accidentally got lip? That happens with me and my mom all the time.

Leonard: She introduced me to her father, kissed me and then shut the door in my face.

Howard:Maybe she was trying to send you a message.

Leonard: You think?

Howard: Yeah. This man is not my father. I’m being held hostage. So I’m going to do something insane in the hopes that you’ll call 911.

Leonard: Penny kissing me is not insane. She used to kiss me all the time.

Sheldon: Einstein defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. By that standard, Penny is cuckoo for cocoa puffs.

Leonard: I’m just saying, it felt like it may have meant something.

Howard: Ah, this takes me back. Leonard obsessing about Penny. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I love your new stuff, but once in a while it’s nice to hear the hits.

Raj: Ooh, ooh! Do our babies will be smart and beautiful. That one always makes me laugh.

Leonard: Why do I bother talking to you people?

Sheldon: If it’ll make you feel better, we rarely listen.

Penny (at door): Hey, can I talk to you out here for a sec?

Leonard: Yeah, sure.

Sheldon: I’m starting to think we’re never going to see that pizza.

Penny: So you’re probably wondering what that was all about.

Leonard: What, uh, the kissing and everything? Nah, women do that to me all the time.

Penny: Yeah, okay. The thing is, I kind of told my father we got back together again.

Leonard: What? Why?

Penny: Well, you’re the first guy he’s ever really approved of, you know? You’re a scientist who went to college and you don’t have a neck tattoo or outstanding warrants or, or a baby.

Leonard: What kind of guys did you used to go out with?

Penny: Just guys. Anyway, when I told him we split up, he was heartbroken, and he kept bugging me, how’s Leonard? why can’t you get back together with Leonard? I bet Leonard never tipped a cow over on himself. So to get him off my back, I told him we worked things out.

Leonard: Really? How, how’d we manage that?

Penny: What?

Leonard: Well, did you apologize? Did you have to woo me?

Penny: Get over yourself. I whistled, you came running.

Leonard: Yeah, no, I don’t think so.

Penny: Okay, why are you arguing about this?

Leonard: I’m just saying, if we fake got back together, that’s totally not how it fake happened.

Penny: Oh, okay, whatever. Will you please just play along until my dad leaves?

Leonard: Hold on, you actually want me to deceive your father with some sort of sham play acting and kissing? Cause I’m good with that.

Penny’s Dad: Penny, you out here?

Penny: Come on, honey, not in front of my dad.

Penny’s Dad: Relax, I’ve seen you do a lot worse with a lot stupider.

Leonard: See? He doesn’t mind.

Penny’s Dad: So, Leonard, I’m taking your gal out for a steak dinner, you want to join us?

Penny: Oh, dad, that’s nice, but Leonard has to work. Right, Leonard?

Leonard: Uh, I do, I have to work. But I’m gonna blow that off to spend the evening with my sweetie and her father, ’cause, you know, just the kind of boyfriend I am.

Penny: Oh.

Leonard: Come here, you.

Scene: Raj’s Lab.

Howard: C-7.

Raj: Miss.

Howard: How could that be a miss? C-6 was a hit, C-8 was a hit. Part of your starship has to be on C-7.

Raj: Not if it has a hole in the middle.

Howard: What kind of spaceship has a hole in the middle?

Raj: A Romulan battle bagel?

Bernadette: Knock-knock.

Howard: Oh, great, you made it. Come on in. I invited her.

Bernadette: So where’s the telescope?

Howard: It’s in Hawaii, but Raj controls it from here. He’s hoping to see Epsilon Eridani dim, which would be evidence of a planet orbiting it.

Bernadette: So we just sit and stare at the screen, waiting for something to happen?

Howard: I did it with you when we rented The Notebook. (Raj whispers) Yes, Gena Rowlands is a treasure. You’d better open up that bottle of wine or I’m gonna end up with swimmer’s ear.

Raj: Excuse me. I can’t be drinking, I’m about to make an important scientific discovery here.

Howard: What? Galileo did his best work while drinking wine.

Raj: How do you know that?

Howard: Well, he was Italian. It’s a reasonable assumption.

Raj: Dude, can you even open your mouth without spewing a cultural stereotype?

Howard: Oh, I, I’m sorry, Galileo drank diet sprite. Look, you’re my best friend, she’s my girlfriend, you should bond. You know, like you and my mom did.

Raj: Your mom creeps the hell out of me.

Howard: Yes, but she’s stopped calling you slumdog millionaire.

Raj: I do appreciate that.

Bernadette: Here we go.

Howard: Well I’d like to propose a toast. To science and friendship.

Bernadette: Hold on. Wait. No, it’s okay, go ahead.

Howard: What?

Bernadette: Oh, I was working with Penicillin-resistant gonorrhoea in the lab today and I was just trying to remember if I washed my hands.

Scene: Penny’s dad’s car. 

Leonard: Thanks for the steak, Wyatt.

Penny’s dad (Wyatt): My pleasure. It’s nice to have dinner with a boyfriend of Penny’s that knows how to use a napkin.

Penny: So not funny, dad.

Wyatt: Let me tell you about this one genius she was going out with, this, this fella Donnie.

Penny: Oh, will you please let it go?

Wyatt: Donnie was gonna make millions turning farm waste into biofuel and selling it to the government.

Leonard: A lot of people are doing that.

Penny: Oh, see?

Wyatt: Yeah, but all Donnie did was mix pig poop with a little water and pump it into his mom’s Camry.

Penny: Yeah, that’s great. It’s a funny story. Moving on.

Wyatt: And Donnie was a rocket scientist compared to that boy who wanted to get beer pong into the Olympics. What was his name, sweetheart?

Penny: Curtis, and I’m pretty sure he was joking.

Wyatt: I don’t know. That petition looked real to me.

Penny: Yeah, okay, I think this ends the ex-boyfriend portion of our evening.

Wyatt: Well, I’m just glad you finally found yourself a keeper.

Leonard: Thanks, Wyatt. I’m a keeper.

Scene: Outside Penny’s door.

Wyatt: Leonard, you want to come in for a nightcap?

Penny: Oh, gee, dad, he’d love to, but Leonard has to work in the morning.

Leonard: Maybe I could go in a little late.

Penny: No, no, no, you can’t. Your career is far too important.

Wyatt: Behind every great man is a nagging woman who won’t let him have any fun, am I right, Leonard?

Leonard: Don’t I know it.

Wyatt: Well, good night, son.

Leonard: Good night, Wyatt. Oh, good night, honey.

Penny: Good night.

Leonard: I love you.

Penny: Love you, too.

Sheldon: Oh, friggety-frak. Not this again.

Scene: The lab. 

Howard: Three, four, five, pass go, get 2,000 Rupees, Six, seven, whoops. Can’t go any further. There’s a sacred cow in my way.

Raj: Bernadette, please tell your boyfriend to cool it with the cow jokes.

Bernadette: It won’t help. Once he finds a joke he likes, he sticks with it.

Raj: Yeah. Like his haircut material.

Bernadette: Oh, right. Did you get your hair cut?

Raj: No. I got them all cut.

Bernadette: Which is still so funny.

Raj: And when you go to a Chinese restaurant, he always gets the same fortune in his fortune cookie.

Bernadette: Right. Help, I’m a prisoner in a Chinese fortune cookie factory.

Howard: Okay, I think that’s enough about me.

Raj: He’s right. Let’s make fun of his mother. Howard, come rub my feet! My corns are killing me!

Bernadette: Howard, help me out of the tub! I’m stuck again!

Scene: The apartment. 

Leonard: Coming. Hey, lovebug.

Penny: Shut up. You know what I’ve been doing for the last hour?

Leonard: Mm, dreamily doodling Mrs. Leonard Hofstadter in a notebook?

Penny: Listening to my father go on and on about what a great guy you are.

Leonard: You got to admit, I am, I’m delightful.

Penny: Why are you making this so difficult?

Leonard: It’s not difficult for me. I’m having fun.

Penny: Leonard.

Leonard: What do you want me to do? You started this. Do you want to go over and tell him we’re broken up?

Penny: No.

-

Leonard: Well, then, what do you want?

Penny: I don’t know.

Leonard: Don’t you think that’s something you should have figured out before you stomped over here?

Penny: Maybe.

Sheldon: Leonard, Penny, excellent. I’d like to say I’m very happy that you’re back together, and if I can figure out a way to do so and sound sincere, I will. In the meantime, I’d like to go over some proposed changes to the roommate agreement specifically to address Penny’s annoying personal habits.

Penny: Oh, my God. What personal habits?

Leonard: I have a list. FYI, overuse of the phrase, oh, my god, is number 12.

Penny: Okay, Sheldon, you don’t have to do this because Leonard and I are not…

Leonard: Ba-ba-ba-ba. Are you sure you want to include him in this?

Sheldon: Include me in what? Is there a plot afoot? I’ll have no truck with plots.

Penny: No, you’re right. No, there’s, there’s no plots, no trucks, no feet. So what other annoying habits shall we discuss?

Sheldon: Uh, we don’t discuss anything. Leonard is the signatory to the Roommate Agreement. As such, he bears responsibility for all your infractions and must pay all fines.

Leonard: Fines?

Sheldon: Yes. If Penny’s going to be spending nights here again, you’ll need to set up an escrow account. Sign here.

Scene: The lab.

Raj: Hello, Hawaii. This is Dr. Koothrappali in Pasadena. I’d like you to reposition the telescope, please. Scarlett Johansson’s house! I’m kidding, Hawaii. Mahalo. Whoo!

Howard: It might have been a mistake to open that second bottle of wine.

Bernadette: Well, live and learn. So, Raj, do you think this planet you’re looking for could have an atmosphere that supports life?

Raj: Maybe. If it did, I’d be famous. I’d be on the cover of magazines. And then, instead of living alone in my tiny apartment, I’d have a big mansion.

Bernadette: That sounds great.

Raj: It is. If you like wandering around a big, empty house with no one to love you.

Howard: We’d come visit you.

Raj: No, you wouldn’t. You’d be intimidated by my wealth and fame. My only friends would be my genetically engineered monkey butler, and the little people I hired to be my living chess set.

Bernadette: He’s taking a turn to the dark side, isn’t he?

Howard: Hold on. He could come back.

Raj: Oh, what’s the point of everything?

Howard: Nope. He’s gone.

Raj: You know it’s been more than a year since I’ve even kissed a girl?

Howard: What about that hook-up at Comic-Con you told me about?

Raj: Oh, grow up. I was lying. I lie all the time. Nobody wants to kiss me.

Bernadette: Oh, you poor, poor thing. Raj, you have to know you’re a wonderful man. There are a lot of girls out there who’ll want to kiss you.

Raj: Where?

Bernadette: You just have to look.

Howard: No!

Bernadette: Well, this was fun.

Scene: The apartment. Wyatt and Leonard are playing Wii fishing.

Wyatt: Oh! I think I got a nibble.

Leonard: Oh, b-be careful. Give him some line. Okay, now reel him in.

Wyatt: Oh, look at that baby. They’re really biting, huh?

Leonard: Yeah. They do that when you set it on easy.

Wyatt (phone rings): Oh, that’s me. Hello. Oh, hi, sweetie. Yeah, I got up early and didn’t want to wake you, so I went out for coffee and ran into Leonard on the way back. Guess what, we’re fishing. Yeah. Right here on his couch.

Leonard: Hey, baby. I love you! Mwuh, mwuh, mwuh, mwuh, mwuh.

Wyatt: That’s Leonard says he loves you. What? I see. The whole thing’s bull squirt, huh? Well, that’s very disappointing. Bye.

Leonard: Oh, hey. There’s been something I’ve been meaning to tell you.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Wyatt: I can’t believe you would lie to me like that.

Leonard: Just for the record, I did not want to be a part of this.

Wyatt: I’ll get to you in a minute.

Leonard: No hurry.

Wyatt: That my own daughter thinks I don’t love her enough to support her no matter what choices she makes, well, that hurts me deeply.

Penny: I’m sorry, daddy…

Wyatt: Let me finish.

Penny: Oh.

Wyatt: I thought we were past the days when you would try to pull the wool over my eyes. Telling me the baggie in your underwear drawer is potpourri? And the pee stick in your bathroom is to check for diabetes?

Penny: You know, I’m sorry.

Wyatt: You’re a grown woman, and I respect your right to make your own decisions, but all I ask is you respect me enough to be honest about them.

Penny: You’re right. Look, from now on, I will tell you the truth.

Wyatt: Thank you. Now, why don’t you go and put some clothes on and we’ll grab a bite to eat before I head for the airport. Now you.

Penny: Daddy, he had nothing to do…

Wyatt: Keep walking.

Penny: Okay.

Wyatt: Please, please, please don’t give up on her.

Leonard: What?

Wyatt: I can’t go back to the skateboard idiots, the white rappers and all those sweaty dumb-asses with their backwards hats.

Leonard: Gee, I don’t know if it’s in the cards, sir.

Wyatt: Then, stack the deck. Cheat. Lie. I don’t care. I want grandkids before I die, and I want them to grow up in a house without wheels.

Leonard: I’ll give it a shot.

Wyatt: Thank you. Now I’m going to do something here to help you along.

Leonard: Excuse me?

Wyatt: Just don’t panic. Now, get your sorry, lying ass out of my face and make sure I never see it again!

Leonard: Oh, the reverse psychology thing. I see. That’s very clever.

Wyatt: Don’t yap. Just get out.

Leonard: I’ll friend you on Facebook.

Scene: The apartment. 

Sheldon: Oh, there you are. Just so you know, I was up all night, but I have finally completed the Penny-specific section of the new roommate agreement.

Leonard: Yeah, well, not necessary. We broke up again.

Sheldon: Do you even think about other people, Leonard? Do you?

Scene: The cafeteria.

Raj: Hey.

Leonard: Oh, how’d it go last night?

Raj: Oh, you know. Same old, same old. Looked through a telescope, saw some stars. Big whoop.

Leonard: Really? You waited months for time with that telescope. What happened?

Raj: Why? You writing a book?

Sheldon: I’m going to propose a hypothesis. Last night, Raj accidentally made contact with an alien civilization and has been ordered by the United States government to keep it a secret.

Raj: Nothing happened. Can we please just change the subject?

Sheldon: That sounds rehearsed. We are not alone.

Howard: Hey.

Leonard: Hey.

Sheldon: Hello.

Howard: Hey.

Raj: Hey.

Leonard: You get to play with Raj’s big telescope last night?

Howard: Whoa. Where did that come from?

Raj: He never touched my telescope.

Howard: Way to go shutting up.

Raj: I did shut up. Now you shut up.

Howard: Fine.

Raj: Thank you. How come you didn’t call me this morning?





Series 4 Episode 10 – The Alien Parasite Hypothesis
Scene: The apartment. 

Sheldon: Clarify something for me. Isn’t the point of a communal meal the exchange of ideas and opinions? An opportunity to consider important issues of the day?

Leonard: It is. You just kind of put a damper on things when you said, the next person I see talking with food in their mouth will be put to death.

Sheldon: Well, we could argue about who said what all night long, but to set things back on course, I will propose a new topic of conversation.

Leonard: Great.

Sheldon: What is the best number? By the way, there’s only one correct answer.

Raj: Five million, three hundred eighteen thousand and eight?

Sheldon: Wrong. The best number is 73. You’re probably wondering why.

Leonard: No.

Howard: Uh-uh.

Raj: We’re good.

Sheldon: 73 is the 21st prime number. Its mirror, 37, is the 12th, and its mirror, 21, is the product of multiplying, hang on to your hats, seven and three. Eh? Eh? Did I lie?

Leonard: We get it. 73 is the Chuck Norris of numbers.

Sheldon: Chuck Norris wishes. In binary, 73 is a palindrome, one-zero-zero-one-zero-zero-one which backwards is one-zero-zero-one-zero-zero-one, exactly the same. All Chuck Norris backwards gets you is Sirron Kcuhc.

Raj: Just for the record, when you enter five million three hundred eighteen thousand and eight in a calculator, upside-down it spells boobies.

Leonard: Remember when you were wondering why the girls didn’t want to eat with us tonight?

Howard: Yeah, I get it now.

Scene: A bar.

Penny: I love your little heart locket, Bernadette.

Bernadette: Oh, thanks. Howard gave it to me. It’s the cutest thing. Every time I have dinner with his mom, the next day I get jewellery.

Amy: Did you know that the iconic Valentine’s heart shape is not actually based on the shape of a human heart, but rather on the shape of the buttocks of a female bending over?

Penny: Oh, so I spent seventh grade dotting my I’s with little asses? Cool.

Zack: Hey, Penny, how’s it going?

Penny: Hey, Zack, what are you doing here?

Zack: My dad’s company prints the menus for this place. I’m just dropping off some new ones laminated. Makes ‘em easier to clean if people throw up on ‘em. Guess how I got the idea?

Penny: Yeah, I got it, I got it. Uh, Zack, these are my friends Bernadette and Amy.

Bernadette: Hi.

Zack: Hey.

Amy: Hoo.

Zack: Okay, well, it was good to see you.

Penny: Yeah, you, too.

Bernadette: He’s really cute. How do you know him?

Penny: Oh, we went out a couple of times.

Amy: I’m often flummoxed by current slang. Does went out mean had intercourse?

Bernadette: Yes.

Penny: No, no. But in this case, yes.

Amy: Interesting. And was it not satisfactory?

Penny: No, it was great. He just didn’t really challenge me on an intellectual level.

Bernadette: Couldn’t you just fool around with him and then listen to NPR?

Penny: Wouldn’t help. Zack can’t even spell NPR.

Bernadette: It’s what I do with Howard. I’m much smarter than he is. But it’s important to protect his manhood.

Amy: Hoo.

Bernadette: What’s the matter?

Amy: I’m suddenly feeling flushed. My heart rate is elevated, my palms are clammy, my mouth is dry. In addition, I keep involuntarily saying hoo.

Penny: Oh, we know what’s causing that, don’t we?

Amy: It’s no mystery. I obviously have the flu coupled with sudden-onset Tourette’s syndrome.

Credits sequence. 


Scene: The university cafeteria.

Howard: Did you hear about the accident at the bio lab?

Leonard: No. What happened?

Howard: They were injecting rats with radioactive isotopes and one of the techs got bit.

Raj: Did he get superpowers?

Howard: No, he got five stitches and a tetanus shot.

Raj: Oh. Well, that’s disappointing.

Howard: Why?

Raj: Well, you get bit by a radioactive animal in a lab, you kind of want to turn into a superhero.

Howard: Yeah, but who’d want to become Rat-Man?

Raj: Who wouldn’t? You could zip through a maze in nothing flat, squeeze through really small holes, and shut down restaurants in a single bound. And the best part is, if I were Rat-Man, you could be my sidekick, Mouse Boy.

Howard: Mouse Boy?

Raj: You don’t like Mouse Boy? How about, uh, uh, Kid Vermin?

Howard: First of all, if we had superpowers, I wouldn’t be the sidekick. You’d be the sidekick.

Raj: Rat-Man is nobody’s sidekick.

Howard: Leonard, settle this. Of the two of us, who’s the obvious sidekick?

Raj: Yeah, Leonard, who?

Leonard: 12 years after high school, and I’m still at the nerd table.

Scene: Amy’s lab. 

Sheldon: Aren’t you slicing that man’s brain a little too thin?

Amy: It’s too thin if I were making a foot-long brain sandwich at Quiznos. For examination under a two-photon microscope, it’s fine.

Sheldon: Well, you’re the expert. If the correct way to do it is the wrong way, then I yield.

Amy: Very well. If you die and donate your body to science, I promise to slice your brain like Canadian bacon.

Sheldon: Thank you.

Amy: Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to take my temperature.

Sheldon: Are you monitoring your circadian rhythms in order to identify your periods of maximum mental acuity? I did that one summer. Ah, youth.

Amy: No, I experienced some distressing symptoms last night, so I’m checking my vital signs every hour.

Sheldon: I’d be happy to create a chart and participate in a differential diagnosis.

Amy: Oh, that sounds like fun.

Sheldon: All right. What were the symptoms?

Amy: Elevated heart rate, moist palms, dry mouth and localized vascular throbbing.

Sheldon: Localized to what region?

Amy: Ears and genitalia.

Sheldon: Interesting. Not body parts that usually team up. What about environmental factors? Describe the scene for me.

Amy: I was sitting in a restaurant with Penny and Bernadette, drinking water, carbonated as it was a special occasion. Penny’s friend Zack stopped by and said hello and I said hoo.

Sheldon: Who?

Amy: Zack.

Sheldon: Then why did you ask?

Amy: Ask what?

Sheldon: Who.

Amy: Zack.

Sheldon: All right, let’s start over. What did you say when Zack walked in?

Amy: Hoo.

Sheldon: Zack.

Amy: Why do you keep saying Zack?

Sheldon: Because you keep saying who.

Amy: I’m not saying hoo now. I said hoo last night.

Sheldon: And the answer was Zack, correct?

Amy: There was no question. I simply said hoo.

Sheldon: All right, I think I have enough to go on. Possible explanations for your symptoms are, in descending order of likelihood, hyperthyroidism, premature menopause, hosting an alien parasite or, and I only include it for the sake of covering absolutely all bases, sexual arousal.

Amy: Where would I have picked up an alien parasite?

Scene: The cafeteria. 


Howard: There you are.

Raj: Oh, hey.

Howard: Let me ask you a question. What are you most afraid of?

Raj: I don’t know. Um, nuclear war. Accidentally being buried alive. Any of those movies where you get that phone call that says you’re going to die, and then you do.

Howard: No. Something very specific that we both know you, Rajesh Koothrappali, are terrified of.

Raj: Well, type two diabetes runs in my family. The thought of losing a toe…

Howard: Spiders! You’re afraid of spiders!

Raj: What the heck is this?

Howard: A jar with a big spider in it, of course. Bravery test. First one to take his hand out is the sidekick.

Raj: Are you crazy?

Howard: Perhaps. Are you scared?

Raj: No. But it’s a stupid test.

Howard: Oh, really? What if the earth was in danger and the only way to save it was to stick your hand in a jar with a spider?

Raj: Oh, yeah? What if the earth was in danger and the only way to save it was to take a shower in the locker room and let other guys see you naked?

Howard: Oh, come on. That’s never gonna happen. Now put your hand in the jar or forever be revealed as my sidekick.

Raj: All right, I will.

Howard: How did you get so brave all of a sudden?

Raj: It’s easy. The spider’s crawling up your arm.

Howard: Get it off! Get it off! Please, Raj! Ah! Ah! Ah! Please. Oh!

Scene: Amy’s lab. 

Amy: My blood work shows thyroid function normal. Cortisol levels normal.

Sheldon: How about your follicle-stimulating hormone levels?

Amy: Sheldon, I am not going through menopause.

Sheldon: Are you sure? You said that with the testy bark of an old biddy.

Amy: I think we need to face the cold, hard truth, I was sexually aroused by Penny’s friend Zack.

Sheldon: Hang on. I don’t know that we’ve given the alien parasite hypothesis a fair shake.

Amy: Let’s look at this logically. I have a stomach, I get hungry. I have genitals, I have the potential for sexual arousal.

Sheldon: A cross we all must bear. You know, in difficult moments like this, I often turn to a force greater than myself.

Amy: Religion?

Sheldon: Star Trek. Did you see Star Trek: The Motion Picture?

Amy: No.

Sheldon: Don’t. It’s terrible. However, in it, we learn that when Spock finds himself drawn off the path of logic by feelings bubbling up from his human half, he suppresses them using the Vulcan mental discipline of Kolinar.

Amy: Are you suggesting we live our lives guided by the philosophies found in cheap science fiction?

Sheldon: Cheap science fiction?

Amy: What are you doing?

Sheldon: Using Kolinar to suppress my anger at that last comment.

Amy: Is it possible that your concern for me at this moment is motivated by nothing more than simple jealousy?

Sheldon: I hadn’t considered that. Give me a moment. All right, I’ve considered it.

Amy: And?

Sheldon: I reject it.

Amy: You reject it because you don’t feel jealousy, or because you are suppressing jealousy?

Sheldon: I think I’ll eat my lunch at home.

Amy: That’s not your lunch, Sheldon, those are the cadaver brain specimens.

Sheldon: Oh. As they were incorrectly sliced, you can see how I could mistake them for my sashimi.

Scene: The laundry room.

Sheldon: Hello.

Penny: Hey. Isn’t tomorrow your usual laundry night?

Sheldon: The supermarket was out of my regular fabric softener. If this one under or over-softens, I’ll need time to make things right.

Penny: That’s thinking ahead.

Sheldon: The alternative would be to think backwards. And that’s just remembering.

Penny: So how’s Amy?

Sheldon: Amy’s changed. I might have to let her go.

Penny: Oh, no. Why?

Sheldon: I thought she was a highly evolved creature of pure intellect, like me. But recent events indicate that she may be a slave to her baser urges. Like you.

Penny: Just going to skip over that insult.

Sheldon: What insult?

Penny: Yeah. That’s why I’m going to skip over it. Are you saying that Amy is, oh, what’s the

scientific word?

Sheldon: Forget science. She’s horny.

Penny: Oh! Okay. Wow.

Sheldon: It’s simple biology. There’s nothing I can do about it.

Penny: Are you sure?

Sheldon: What are you suggesting?

Penny: I’m suggesting there might be something you could do about Amy’s urges?

Sheldon: It’s illegal to spay a human being.

Penny: Yeah. That’s not what I had in mind.

Sheldon: Oh. Oh! You mean something I could do.

Penny: Exactly.

Sheldon: Well, I was hoping to avoid this. But I might as well get it over with. Thank you, Penny. I’ll let you know what happens.

Penny: Oh, Amy, you lucky girl.

Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is on the phone.

Sheldon: Yes. This is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Is this the Zack Johnson who used to have coitus with my neighbour Penny? Sorry to bother you. Hello. I’m looking for a Zack Johnson who used to have coitus with my neighbour Penny. Coitus. It means intercourse. And I have a feeling I’m speaking to the right Zack. This is Sheldon Cooper. Fine. Shelly. Yes, that does sound like a girl’s name. No, it doesn’t bother me. Yes, Smelly Shelly does bother me. Let me tell you why I’m calling. I’d like to know if you’d be interested in having sex with Amy Farrah Fowler. Amy Farrah Fowler. Yes, that is a girl’s name. Good grief. It’s like trying to talk to a dolphin.

Scene: A gymnasium. 

Leonard: Really? This is going to decide who’s the hero and who’s the sidekick?

Howard: You got a better idea?

Leonard: Every idea is better than this idea.

Howard: Ding!

Raj: Wait. What the hell is ding?

Howard: It’s a bell.

Raj: I don’t think this kind of wrestling has a bell.

Howard: Fine. How do you want to start?

Raj: I say, uh, how about one, two, three, go?

Howard: One-two-three-go? That’s for babies.

Raj: Okay, how about, uh, on your mark, get set, go?

Howard: That’s for a footrace. If you want to race, we have to go outside.

Raj: No, it’s chilly outside. Didn’t bring my jacket.

Howard: Oh, for crying out loud. What kind of superhero needs a jacket?

Raj: What kind of superhero says dibs on the red tights, dibs on the red tights.

Howard: All right, how about this? Ready, wrestle.

Raj: Wait. Are we starting now? Or is that what you’re going to say when we do start, or…

Howard: We’re starting now!

Raj: Don’t yell at me!

Leonard: Suppose there are worse ways to spend a Friday night. None come to mind.

Scene: A bar.

Sheldon: Look at this stamp. On what authority are they permitted to mutilate patrons as they enter?

Amy: I’m sure it’ll wash off.

Sheldon: Little comfort tonight. I look like a Hell’s Angel.

Amy: There’s Zack.

Sheldon: Are you sure this is what you want to do?

Amy: It’s not what I want to do, it’s what I have to do.

Sheldon: Go, Amy Farrah Fowler. Follow your endocrine system.

Amy: Thank you, Sheldon. You’re a good friend.

Sheldon: Please don’t drag this out. This is never going to come off.

Amy: Excuse me? Zack? I am Amy Farrah Fowler. We met the other night. I have spent my life in pursuit of pure knowledge. Until I met you, my decisions were founded in logic and reason. And yet here I stand before you, 130 pounds of raging estrogen, longing to grab hold of your gluteus maximus and make Shakespeare’s metaphorical beast with two backs.

Zack: My gluteus what?

Amy: On the other hand, as I look at the blank, ape-like expression on your face, I have decided to adopt the Vulcan practice of Kolinar. Good-bye, Zack.

Zack: Bye. Hoo. That should hold me for a while.

Scene: The gymnasium.

Howard: I’m legally obligated to inform you that I took a karate lesson when I was 11. I’d be a regular ninja by now if my mom could’ve arranged a carpool.

Raj: Oh, yeah? Well, I’ve been taking Pilates class at the rec center, and my abs look like sections of a Hershey bar.

Howard: Oh, yeah? Won’t matter, you’re going down!

Raj: No, uh-uh, you’re going down!

Howard: If anybody’s going to go down, it’s going to be you.

Leonard: Fellas. It’s been 30 minutes. Nobody’s touched each other.

Scene: A street. 

Sheldon: I’m glad you decided to reject your animal hindbrain and return to the realm of pure intellect.

Amy: As am I. (Holds Sheldon’s hand)

Sheldon: What are you doing?

Amy: An experiment. Nope. Nothing. Never mind.

Scene: The gymnasium. 

Raj: You realize you can’t win.

Howard: I prefer to think that I can’t lose.

Raj: You’re wrong. It’s only a matter of time before you fall into Rat-Man’s rat trap.

Howard: You pathetic fool! If there were a rat-catcher, wouldn’t it catch Rat-Man?

Raj: Just because I didn’t express myself well doesn’t mean my underlying point was invalid! You bloviating buffoon!

Howard: You narcissistic nincompoop!

Raj: You crimson coward! Oh, Leonard, wake up, you’re missing some very excellent superhero quips.


























Series 4 Episode 11 – The Justice League Recombination
Scene: The apartment. 

Raj: Water Demon.

Howard: Ice Dragon.

Leonard: Lesser Warlord of Ka’a.

Sheldon: Not so fast. Infinite Sheldon.

Leonard: Infinite Sheldon?

Sheldon: Yes, Infinite Sheldon defeats all other cards and does not violate the rule against homemade cards because I made it at work.

Leonard: Do you understand why people don’t want to play with you?

Sheldon: No, although it’s a question I’ve been pondering since preschool.

Leonard: Hey.

Zack: Hey.

Leonard: Hey.

Penny: Hey, your copy of Science magazine was in my mailbox.

Leonard: Oh, thanks.

Penny: Mm-hmm.

Zack: Check it out, all about planets this month.

Leonard: That’s an atom.

Zack: Agree to disagree. That’s what I love about science, there’s no one right answer.

Leonard: So, you and Zack again, huh?

Penny: Yeah, yeah, me and Zack again.

Zack: Were we here earlier?

Penny: Okay, we should, we should go.

Zack: Ah, not yet. I want to talk science with the science dudes.

Howard: Oh, and the science dudes want to talk science with you. What do you want to talk about, rocks, dinosaurs, our friend the beaver?

Zack: You know, I saw this great thing on the Discovery Channel. Turns out that if you kill a starfish, it’ll just come back to life.

Sheldon: Was the starfish wearing boxer shorts? Because you might have been watching Nickelodeon.

Zack: No, I’m almost sure that it was the Discovery Channel. It was a great show. They also said dolphins might be smarter than people.

Leonard: They might be smarter than some people.

Zack: Well, maybe we can do an experiment to find out.

Sheldon: Oh, that’s easy enough. We’d need a large tank of water, a hoop to jump through, and a bucket of whatever bite-sized treats you find tasty.

Zack: I don’t get it.

Leonard: A dolphin might.

Zack: Oh, I see. You guys are inferring that I’m stupid.

Sheldon: That’s not correct. We were implying it. You then inferred it.

Zack: Let’s go.

Penny: You know, for a group of guys who claim they spent most of their lives being bullied, you can be real jerks. Shame on all of you. (Closes door)

Raj: What the hell did I do?

Penny (Opens door again): You laughed.

Scene: The same.


Leonard: You think Penny’s right? Were we bullying Zack?

Howard: No, I know bullying. He left here unswirlied and his ass crack was underpants-free.

Raj: And nobody drew a penis on his forehead.

Leonard: That happened to you?

Raj: First day of cricket camp. They drew it so the testicles were my eyes.

Leonard: I don’t know, I think we might owe the guy an apology.

Howard: So go apologize.

Leonard: Why me?

Howard: You started it, we just piled on.

Leonard: What would I even say?

Sheldon: Zack, I’m sorry you’re stupid. Have a Milk Dud.

Raj: A Milk Dud?

Sheldon: Yeah, Milk Duds, with their self-deprecating name and remarkably mild flavour, are the most apologetic of the boxed candies.

Leonard: I got a better idea. We’re all responsible. I say we all go. Come on, who’s with me? Free comic books to anyone who comes with me. I might get punched. You really want to miss that?

Raj: Junior Mints are pretty apologetic.

Sheldon: You’re embarrassing yourself.

Scene: At Penny’s door. Leonard knocks three times. 

Sheldon: Penny.

Penny: What?

Leonard: Yeah, we came to talk to Zack. Hey, Zack.

Zack: What do you want?

Leonard: Listen, uh, the stuff we were saying before, we were just kidding around.

Zack: No, you weren’t. You were making fun of me.

Leonard: Come on, that’s what we do. We give each other a hard time. Hey, Sheldon, you look like a praying mantis.

Sheldon: That’s very hurtful.

Leonard: See?

Zack: I don’t know, it still wasn’t very nice.

Sheldon: Milk Dud?

Zack: Oh, I love Milk Duds. Okay, we’re cool.

Sheldon (to Raj): Junior Mints.

Zack: You guys want to come in and have a beer?

Leonard: Uh, we’re on our way to the comic book store.

Howard: Leonard’s buying.

Zack: Really? I haven’t been to a comic book store in literally a million years.

Sheldon: Literally? Literally a million years?

Leonard: Don’t.

Zack: You want to go with ‘em?

Penny: No.

Zack: Okay, see you later.

Penny: Wait, w-w-wait-wait-wait, you’re ditching me to go look at comic books?

Zack: Are you mad at me?

Penny: I’m not happy.

Zack: Milk Dud?

Scene: The comic book store.

Zack: Wow, this place is awesome. Where do they keep the Archies?

Sheldon: In the bedrooms of ten-year-old girls, where they belong.

Zack: Oh, no, you’re thinking old-school Archie. It’s much more sophisticated now. Like, there’s two universes, and Archie’s married to Betty in one and Veronica in the other. Midge is even breaking up with Moose.

Raj: No.

Zack: About time, right?

Stuart: Hey.

Zack: Hey.

Stuart: You guys finally chip in for a bodyguard?

Leonard: Uh, no. Oh, this is Zack. He’s a friend of ours. Zack, this is Stuart. He owns the store.

Zack: Wow, lucky you.

Stuart: Yeah, I work 70 hours a week and average a dollar sixty five an hour.

Zack: Sweet.

Stuart: Is that sarcasm?

Howard: Uh, no, it’s an indictment of the American education system.

Raj: The Archies are over here.

Zack: Yippee.

Stuart: So are you guys coming to my New Year’s Eve costume party?

Sheldon: Of course. We’re coming as the Justice League of America.

Howard: Switching it up from last year when we came as the Justice League of America.

Sheldon: To that point, it occurs to me that we might have an opportunity to finally snare Best Group Costume if we shore up our weak link, which is clearly Leonard as Superman.

Leonard: Hey, I got new boots this year. Guaranteed to add three inches.

Sheldon: That’s sad. Let’s ask ourselves, is there anyone we know who would make a more manly and convincing son of Krypton?

Stuart: Than than Leonard in high-heeled boots? Howard’s mother in high-heeled boots?

Sheldon: I was thinking specifically of the gentleman over there moving his lips as he enjoys the latest exploits of Betty and Veronica.

Leonard: Zack?

Howard: He is the only person we know with actual muscles.

Leonard: You can’t replace me with Zack.

Sheldon: Why not? Penny did it.

Howard: Yeah, she seems happier. Why wouldn’t we be?

Zack: Score. I got an Archie, Betty and Veronica, and a Jughead. All set for my weekend number twos.

Sheldon: Congratulations. Zack, how would you like to be Superman?

Zack: I don’t know, sounds like a lot of responsibility.

Scene: The stairwell. 


Leonard: Fine, if Zack’s going to be Superman, I want to be Green Lantern.

Raj: But I’m Green Lantern.

Leonard: You can be Aquaman.

Raj: I don’t want to be Aquaman. He sucks. He sucks underwater. He sucks fish pee.

Sheldon: Excuse me, I believe Aquaman uses his telepathic powers to request the fish do their business elsewhere.

Zack: Hey, babe.

Penny: I’m still mad at you.

Zack: Well, you won’t be when you hear the great news.

Penny: What great news?

Zack: We’re going to a costume party at the comic book store on New Year’s Eve, and you get to be Wonder Woman.

Sheldon: Complete with bulletproof bracelets and lasso of truth. Invisible plane sold separately.

Penny: Wait, why me? Wh-Why can’t your girlfriend be Wonder Woman?

Howard: She and her lab team are under quarantine. Seems at the Christmas party they were doing Jell-O shots out of petri dishes that used to contain yellow fever.

Penny: Okay, what about your friend Amy?

Sheldon: Amy Farrah Fowler doesn’t believe in wearing costumes. She isn’t the free spirit I am.

Penny: Okay, well, forget it. I’m not spending my New Year’s Eve at a comic book store wearing a Wonder Woman costume.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): He says he’ll wear it if you’ll be Aquaman.

Scene: The apartment. Leonard is dressed as Green Lantern, Sheldon as The Flash. 

Leonard: What are you doing?

Sheldon: We’re going to be late. I’m pacing nervously.

Leonard: You’re jogging.

Sheldon: This is how the Flash paces.

Leonard; Just chill out, Sheldon.

Sheldon: I’m not Sheldon. I’m the Flash. And now I’m going to the Grand Canyon to scream in frustration. I’m back.

Howard: I’m Batman.

Sheldon: Oh, I hardly think so. The real caped crusader calls his crime-fighting cohorts when he’s running late.

Howard: I had to walk. I couldn’t get Raj on the back of my scooter.

Raj: I’ve said this before, and I’ll say it again. Aquaman sucks.

Zack: Look up in the sky. It’s a bird. It’s a plane. I forget the rest.

Penny: All right. Let’s get this thing over with.

Sheldon: I’m sorry. But in what universe is Wonder Woman blonde?

Howard: Relax. No one’s going to be looking at her hair. Ow! I mean, ow.

Zack: Hold on. The costume came with a black wig. Where is it, babe?

Penny: No. I’m not wearing it. It looks stupid.

Zack: Come on. We’re trying to win a contest here.

Penny: Forget it. I’m not wearing the wig.

Zack: Penny, there’s no I in Justice League.

Howard: Well, actually.

Sheldon: Don’t. He’s making our case.

Zack: Okay, babe. Uh, kind of embarrassing me in front of my friends.

Penny: Okay. You know what? I changed my mind. I’m not going.

Raj: Looks like someone else is going to have to be Wonder Woman.

Scene: Penny’s door. 

Zack: Babe, open up.

Penny: I’m not talking to you.

Zack: Then who are you talking to? Babe?

Sheldon:  (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny, (Knock) Penny.

Penny: What the hell is wrong with you?

Sheldon: I’m the Flash. I just knocked 30,000 times.

Penny: Okay. What do you want, Sheldon?

Sheldon: I understand why you’re upset.

Penny: Really?

Sheldon: Yes. You’re afraid that costume makes you look fat.

Penny: No. Wait, wait, does it?

Sheldon: Don’t worry. Wonder Woman was an Amazon. And Amazons tend to be very beefy gals.

Penny: Good-bye, Sheldon.

Sheldon: But they’re not blonde, so put on your wig. Hello?

Scene: The apartment. 

Raj: Stupid Aquaman.

Leonard: If it makes you feel any better, when I was dating Penny, she used to flip out on me all the time.

Zack: Whoa. You dated Penny?

Leonard: She didn’t tell you?

Zack: She told me she dated a guy named Leonard. Who would have thought it was you?

Leonard: Who else would it be?

Zack: I don’t know. Somebody bigger and, yeah, sure. Why not you?

Sheldon: I may have failed.

Howard: Okay, I guess we just go without a Wonder Woman.

Zack: I don’t want to go without Penny.

Raj: Oh, great. No Superman, no Wonder Woman? All we’ve got is a skinny Flash, an Indian Aquaman, a nearsighted Green Lantern, and a teeny, tiny Dark Knight.

Sheldon: Obviously, we’re no longer a Justice League. We have no choice but to switch to our Muppet Baby costumes.

Raj: Ooh, I call Kermit.

Sheldon: I’m Kermit. You’re Scooter.

Raj: Oh, man. Scooter sucks. He’s the Aquaman of the Muppet Babies.

Howard: No, we can still make this work. Leonard, you talk to Penny.

Leonard: What makes you think I can convince her?

Howard: You got her to have sex with you. Obviously, your superpower is brainwashing.

Leonard: Okay, let me see if I understand this. You want me to convince my ex-girlfriend to go to a costume party with her new boyfriend just so we can win a stupid prize?

Sheldon: Yes. And make her wear the black wig. Good luck.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. Knocking.

Penny: Go away, Sheldon.

Leonard: It’s Leonard.

Penny: Oh. Go away, Leonard.

Leonard; Come on, let me just talk to you.

Penny: It’s open.

Leonard: Hey.

Penny: I’m not going to that party, Leonard.

Leonard: Okay, listen. You don’t have to wear the wig. At this party, we’re gonna win first prize just by showing up with a girl.

Penny: It’s not the wig.

Leonard: Did I do something? I mean, I tried to be friends with Zack, like you said, which believe me, was difficult, given how you and me used to be, you know, you and me, and now you and him are you and him.

Penny: Okay, look. We’re not really me and him.

Leonard: Then what are you?

Penny: I don’t know. I only started seeing Zack again so I wouldn’t be alone on New Year’s Eve. How pathetic is that?

Leonard: Not as pathetic as dressing up like this and going to a comic book store on New Year’s Eve.

Penny: You make a cute Green Arrow.

Leonard: Green Lantern.

Penny: Like there’s a difference.

Leonard: There’s a big difference. Arrow. Lantern.

Penny: Whatever. Look, if Zack and I had just gone to a regular club or a party, it would have been fine, but this, with the costumes, and you.

Leonard: What about me?

Penny: Nothing. Let’s go to the party. (Puts on wig) How do I look?

Leonard: Um, I guarantee you’ll be the prettiest girl there.

Howard (outside the door): Okay, the good news is, we have a Wonder Woman.

Sheldon: Oh.

Zack: Yes.

Sheldon: What’s the bad news?

Howard: Superman probably isn’t getting laid tonight.

Zack: Aw, damn.

Scene: The party. 


Stuart: And the award for best group costume goes to Justice League of America number three!

Sheldon: Thank you! Thank you so much!

Stuart: Okay. Okay, ten seconds to midnight.

All: Ten, nine, eight…

Sheldon: No, wait! I have a speech.

All: Seven, six…

Sheldon: Stop counting!

All: Five, four, three…

Sheldon: This is my moment, dag nab it!

All: Two, one! Happy New Year!

Sheldon: I’m not going to say another word until you people settle down. I’m waiting.

Scene: The street. 

Zack: That was a great party. We should dress like this all the time.

Penny: Are you high?

Leonard: You’re being a bully.

Howard: Check it out. Those guys are breaking into that car.

Leonard: What should we do?

Sheldon: We’re the Justice League of America. There’s only one thing we can do. Turn around and slowly walk away.

Zack (after a moment’s thought): Nah. Hold up.

Scene: The apartment. 

Leonard: Look, I know our winter thermostat setting is 72 degrees, but I’m a little warm, so I’m going to turn it down.

Sheldon (as The Flash, runs to the Grand Canyon): Good Lord, how you frustrate me, Leonard Hofstadter! (Runs back) Fine.



































Series 4 Episode 12 – The Bus Pants Utilization
Scene: The university cafeteria. Howard is on the phone.

Howard: Ma, Ma, calm down. Listen to me. I know it says click with the mouse, but on a laptop, the trackpad is the mouse. Now, put your finger on it. Doesn’t matter which finger. Good choice. Now move it down to your e-mail icon. Yeah, the little envelope. What do you mean, what does it look like? It looks like an envelope! Fine, you don’t like the computer, don’t use it! Sure, we can exchange it for a salad spinner. Good-bye!

Raj: That’s a Hanukkah present you’re regretting, huh?

Sheldon: I won’t say that all senior citizens who can’t master technology should be publicly flogged, but if we made an example of one or two, it might give the others incentive to try harder.

Leonard: I had a great idea. You know how we’re always having to stop and solve differential equations, like when you’re doing Fourier analysis, or using the Schrodinger equation?

Sheldon: Howard doesn’t. He’s only an engineer.

Leonard: I was thinking, we could write a little app that would use handwriting recognition, and then run it through a symbolic evaluation engine. You just use your smartphone, take a picture of the equation and bam!

Raj: You know what’s a great app? The one that makes fart noises.

Sheldon: You know, Leonard, that’s actually a valid idea. Very good.

Leonard: Can you say that and not make it sound like I’m a cat who learned how to use the toilet?

Sheldon: No. The two achievements are equally surprising and equally admirable, though if pressed, I’d have to give a slight edge to the cat. I’ll save you the pain and nervousness of waiting for the answer. I agree to be part of your project. Congratulations.

Leonard: Oh, yay for me. What about you guys? I can’t promise anything, but people do make money off stuff like this.

Howard: A few extra bucks would be nice. I could finally move out of my mother’s house.

Raj: Where would you go?

Howard: I always dreamed about building a little place of my own over the garage.

Raj: You know, if I made more money, I could take time off from work and give pretty girls submarine rides.

Howard: What’s that? Some weird sex thing?

Raj: No. You take pretty girls underwater in your private submarine, and you show them fish. Why does everything have to be dirty with you?

Leonard: I was thinking we could work on this at night, and then maybe in a couple of weeks, we’ll have ourselves an app to sell.

Howard: Sounds like we’re in business.

Raj: I think we should take a picture to capture this moment.

Leonard: Yeah.

Sheldon: Oh!

Raj (pressing button on camera phone. Camera makes a fart noise): Was that the best 99 cents I ever spent, or what?

Credits sequence.


Scene: The apartment. 

Leonard: I checked the App Store. No one is doing handwriting-recognition differential equation solving.

Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord, shush.

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: You have so few good ideas, Leonard. And you’re just going to spill the beans in front of an outsider?

Penny: Who, me?

Howard: Sheldon, I don’t think Penny cares about handwriting-recognition based differential…

Sheldon (singing): The stars at night are big and bright, deep in the heart of Texas.

Leonard: She’s not going to steal our idea.

Penny: What idea?

Leonard: We’re gonna write an application…

Sheldon (singing): The prairie sky is wide and high, deep in the heart…

Penny: Okay, stop, stop!

Sheldon: Of Texas.

Penny: Whatever your secret is, I’m sure it’s boring, so I’m not interested.

Leonard: It’s not boring at all. You see, in higher order mathematics, there are certain sets of equations that…

Penny: Bored.

Leonard: Satisfied?

Sheldon: Hardly. Consider this unlikely but very plausible scenario. A young woman alone in the big city. Her ridiculous dream of becoming an actress lies shattered about her.

Penny: Hey, wait a minute.

Howard: Well, hang on. Let’s see where he’s going.

Sheldon: Then it hits her. How is she going to survive? I mean, she has no prospects, no marketable skills. And then one day, she meets a group of geniuses and their friend Howard.

Howard: Hey, I…

Penny: Hang on. Let’s see where he’s going.

Sheldon: She befriends them, and then lies in wait until they reveal a marketable idea, which she steals and sells to the highest bidder.

Leonard: That is ridiculous.

Sheldon: Oh, is it? Well let’s see you come up with an explanation as to why this woman hangs out with us all the time.

Penny: Oh, great. You know what? I’ve already mooched dinner off you guys. I don’t need to listen to this.

Howard: There’s your answer, free food.

Sheldon: All right, I’ve taken the liberty of drafting these workflow charts which outline our various duties and the path we will follow as we develop our ground-breaking new app.

Raj: Hey, why am I in charge of phone support? Seems a bit racist.

Sheldon: A customer service representative with an Indian accent will create the impression we’re a vast enterprise that uses overseas call centres.

Raj: Oh. Very clever. But still racist.

Sheldon: Duly noted, Steve from Wichita.

Howard: Why am I listed as your executive assistant?

Sheldon: Because the word secretary has fallen into disrepute. FYI, my mother’s birthday is coming up. I’m going to need you to pick up a present.

Leonard: Okay, we need to stop for a minute.

Sheldon: Leonard, please, we can talk during our break. We have one coming up at midnight. We’ll need snacks.

Leonard: Sheldon, you’re not in charge. It’s my idea. I’m in charge.

Sheldon: Oh, of course you are. Look at the organizational chart. You’re clearly listed as founder.

Leonard: Well, yes, and you’re listed as Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer.

Sheldon: You missed Chief Science Officer, Chairman of the Board, and Head of the Secret Santa Committee.

Leonard: Okay. You need to get clear on this right now. I am in charge of this project.

Raj: Ooh. Leonard’s going all alpha nerd on Sheldon’s ass.

Sheldon: All right. All right, I’m not going to argue with you. Sheldon Cooper is nothing if not a team player. Dr. Hofstadter, you have the conn.

Leonard: Thank you. I thought we might start by talking about the user interface.

Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord, we’re doomed.

Scene: Later. 

Leonard: So this button here will allow you to scan a new equation, but over here, you can press this, and just substitute new values for the coefficients.

Sheldon: Good one, boss.

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: This diagram. I assume you were opening with a joke. It certainly buoyed up this employee’s esprit de corps.

Leonard: It’s not a joke. It’s the real design.

Sheldon: In that case, may I offer 27 little tweaks to make it slightly less embarrassing?

Leonard: Sheldon, I think this will work. Let’s just try it my way.

Sheldon: Oh, I’m, I’m sorry. I assumed that you wanted candid truth-telling from your employees, but I realize now, you want the mindless nattering of complacent yes-men.

Leonard: Are you done?

Sheldon: If you say so, boss.

Scene: Later still.

Howard: So right now, this button-press event is just triggering a dummy procedure call…

Sheldon: How about this for the app name? The Surprisingly Helpful Equation-Linked Differential Optimized Numerator.

Raj: So it spells Sheldon?

Sheldon: Does it? A happy accident.

Leonard: We’re not doing names now. Howard?

Howard: Like I was saying, right now it’s just a dummy procedure, but eventually, it will drop us into…

Sheldon: All right, fine. If we’re not going to give it a name, can we at least give it a secret code designation?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: Well, but hear me out. The atomic bomb was The Manhattan Project. Windows 95 was originally Project Chicago. For our app, I would humbly suggest Project Nodlehs.

Leonard: That’s just Sheldon backwards.

Sheldon: Another happy accident.

Leonard: We’re not wasting time with names right now.

Sheldon: I see. Is that decision open for discussion?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: Is the decision to not discuss it open for discussion?

Leonard: No.

Howard: Again, right now it’s just a dummy procedure, but eventually, it will drop us into…

Sheldon: I call for a vote of no confidence and an immediate change in leadership.

Leonard: Oh Sheldon, stop it.

Sheldon: When in the course of human events, it becomes necessary to dissolve the bonds that tie three competent scientists together…

Leonard: That’s enough, Sheldon.

Sheldon: All right, let’s get right to the vote. Show of hands all those opposed to Leonard and his reign of tyranny.

Leonard: Okay, that’s it, you’re fired.

Sheldon: Really? Why?

Leonard: Because you’re impossible to work with.

Sheldon: I see. And is that open for discussion?

Scene: The following morning.


Leonard: What are you doing?

Sheldon: Oh. Good morning, shoemaker. I think you’ll be pleased with what the elves were up to last night.

Leonard: But I fired you.

Sheldon: Oh, I know. I’m now an independent contractor.

Leonard: No, you are now nothing. You have no connection to this project whatsoever.

Sheldon: But I made it better.

Leonard: I don’t want it better. I want it my way.

Sheldon: Well, that speaks volumes, doesn’t it? All right, I suppose I’ll go put on my bus pants.

Leonard: What the hell are bus pants?

Sheldon: They are pants one wears over one’s regular pants when one sits on bus seats that other people have previously sat on. But perhaps from your lofty heights atop the corporate ladder, you’ve lost touch with the struggles of the common man.

Leonard: Look, I’m still happy to drive you to work. Nothing’s changed in that regard. We’re still roommates, we’re still friends.

Sheldon: Except you identified me, your best friend, as a gangrenous limb that needed to be severed from the organism and tossed away. The desperate act of a little man with a big Napoleon complex.

Leonard: You know what? Go put on your bus pants.

Scene: The cafeteria.

Raj: Mm. Last night, I had a dream we got so rich from the app, you and I bought matching side-by-side mansions. But there was a secret tunnel connecting your front yard to my back yard. What do you think that means?

Howard: It means after we play handball, I’m showering at home.

Sheldon: Good morning, Friend Howard. Friend Raj. I see you gentlemen are enjoying beverages. Perhaps they would taste better out of these.

Raj: World’s Greatest Astrophysicist?

Sheldon: Don’t thank me. You earned it.

Howard: Howard Wolowitz. Why not World’s Greatest Engineer?

Sheldon: I’m sorry. I typed that into the label maker, but I just couldn’t press enter. Now down to business. What would it take for you to abandon Leonard and join me in a rival company? Unless, of course, the mugs are sufficient, in which case, welcome aboard.

Howard: We’re not quitting on Leonard.

Sheldon: I understand. And your loyalty is admirable. But what if I were to up the ante?

Raj: What are you talking about?

Sheldon: Monogrammed key chains with a built-in laser pointer. No? How about can cosies emblazoned with our university mascot? Go, Beavers. I’ll be back.

Scene: The apartment. 

Howard: Okay, let’s try this one. Spherical Hankel function.

Leonard: Hold on. That’s it!

Howard: Eureka!

Raj: Hey, we agreed when it was Eureka time, we were all gonna say it together.

Howard: Fine. Let’s say it together.

Raj: No. The moment has passed.

Sheldon: Greetings, gentlemen. How goes your little project?

Raj: You mean, Project Lenwoloppali?

Sheldon: Ah, a combination of all your names. Very clever. I assume Koothranardowitz was taken?

Leonard: We’re actually scanning equations and getting good results.

Sheldon: Oh, well then, by all means, carry on. I wouldn’t want to impede your progress.

Leonard: Howard, did you solve the install time problem yet?

Howard: No. It’s a little tricky. I’m gonna try having it pick up the libraries dynam…

Leonard: What are you doing?!

Sheldon: Playing the theremin.

Leonard: No. I mean, what are you doing with a theremin?

Sheldon: Playing it. I’ve loved the theremin from the first moment I heard the original Star Trek theme. And it’s been killing me that it just sits in my closet, gathering dust.

Leonard: Sheldon! We’re working here!

Sheldon: That’s all right. I can barely hear you over my theremin. (Leonard pulls out plug) Well, that was a little uncalled for.

Leonard: No, that was completely called for. We need quiet.

Sheldon: So, your project is more important than mine?

Leonard: Well, seeing as your project is to sabotage my project, yes.

Sheldon: Don’t beat around the bush, Leonard. If you don’t want me here, just say the word, and I’ll leave.

Scene: The hallway.

Sheldon: Could have beaten around the bush a little.

Scene: The lobby. Sheldon is playing his theramin.

Sheldon (singing): Nobody knows the trouble I’ve seen, nobody knows my sorrow-ow-ow-ow.

Penny: What you doing? Trying to contact your home planet?

Sheldon: I’m practicing my theremin.

Penny: Oh.

Sheldon (singing): Nobody knows the trouble I’ve seen. Glory, hallelujah.

Penny: Something got you down, there, Sheldon?

Sheldon: Leonard kicked me out of my own apartment. And his app team.

Penny: Oh, honey, I’m sorry.

Sheldon: He wouldn’t drive me to work today. I had to wear my bus pants.

Penny: Is that so?

Sheldon: Yes. And they’re still sticky.

Penny: Aw.

Sheldon: Probably going to have to throw them away.

Penny: Hey, you don’t need Leonard and his app. You can make one with me.

Sheldon: With you?

Penny: Seriously, I have a great idea for one.

Sheldon: Is it better than your idea to move to Los Angeles and become a famous actress?

Penny: Okay, look, when you see someone wearing shoes you like, you just snap a picture of them, and the app goes on the Internet to find out where you can buy them.

Sheldon: That’s your app idea?

Penny: Well, you don’t like it?

Sheldon: I didn’t say that. But no, I don’t.

Penny: Why not?

Sheldon: Oh, Penny, where do I begin? The simple-mindedness of your idea is exceeded only by its crass consumerism and banality.

Penny: And Leonard didn’t want to work with you? Imagine that.

Sheldon: I know, it’s baffling. (Singing) Nobody knows the trouble I’ve seen.

Penny: Sheldon, I’m gonna make some cocoa. Do you want some?

Sheldon: Do you make it with milk or water?

Penny: Milk.

Sheldon: Real cocoa?

Penny: That’s what it says on the packet.

Sheldon: Do you have those little marshmallows?

Penny: No, sorry.

Sheldon: Well, I suppose it’s appropriate.

Penny: What does that mean?

Sheldon: A disappointing drink for a disappointing day.

Scene: The apartment. 

Raj: Hey, look at this. 20 people from the university have already signed up for our private beta.

Leonard: I’m telling you, the Lenwoloppali Differential Equation Scanner meets a real need. We’ve got a hit.

Raj: What do you think we should sell it for?

Howard: Well, based on the fact that our potential market is about 70 or 80 guys, and you want a submarine, I’d say about a million dollars a pop.

Raj: Well, what if we put out a lite version for half a million? You know, get the word of mouth going.

Penny: Hi. I’m sorry to bother you guys, but you’ve got to come take your Sheldon back.

Leonard: What’s he doing in your apartment?

Penny: Well, he was moping down in the lobby, so I invited him over, and now I regret it.

Leonard: Why do you regret, uh, never mind, stupid question.

Penny: Look, can’t you just let him play with you until bedtime?

Leonard: We’re not playing. This is real work.

Howard: We’re going to be hundred-aires.

Penny: Okay. What if I got him to apologize and promise to behave?

Leonard: Then I guess we would let him back on the app team, and while we’re doing that, you could take an aerial tour of L.A. on your flying pig.

Penny: Okay. Wait right here.

Raj: I’ll tell you one thing. If I get rich enough, that’s the kind of girl I want to take on a submarine ride. And yes, that time, I meant it to be dirty.

Scene: Penny’s apartment.


Sheldon: Really? Leonard wants me back?

Penny: Oh, yes. He says they are lost without you.

Sheldon: Well, we sure saw that coming.

Penny: That’s right.

Sheldon: You know what I’m going to do? I am going to sit here and just let them stew.

Penny: No, no, no. You know, they have suffered enough. Everybody’s suffered enough. The thing is, you’re going to have to offer him a face-saving way out of this.

Sheldon: How?

Penny: Say you’re sorry.

Sheldon: Oh, no. Mrs. Mary Cooper didn’t raise her no liars.

Penny: Okay. Um, how about this? You know how you’re always trying to learn about sarcasm?

Sheldon: No.

Penny: No?

Sheldon: I was being sarcastic.

Penny: Oh. Good for you. So all you have to do here is say you’re sorry to Leonard, but say it sarcastically.

Sheldon: Of course. He will hear it as an attempt to mend fences, as opposed to the withering condemnation you and I will know it to be.

Penny: Yeah. Yeah, that was my plan. All right. Come on. Let’s go.

Sheldon: Oh, by the way, thank you for the delicious cocoa.

Penny: Oh, you’re welcome.

Sheldon: Boy, I’m getting good at this.

Scene: The apartment. 

Leonard: Okay, now that you’re back on the team, let’s get you caught up.

Sheldon: Before you begin, let me say again how deeply sorry I am for my earlier behaviour and how much I respect and admire your leadership.

Leonard: Thank you. So as you can see, not only can you store your favourite equations, but you can forward them to your friends or post them on Facebook right from the app.

Sheldon: Well, I must say, I am impressed.

Leonard: Thanks.

Sheldon: You all have clearly put in a lot of hard work.

Howard: We have.

Sheldon: As a result, you have taken the most important step on the road to success, learning what not to do. Now, let’s start fresh. Howard, we’re going to need some tea.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Penny: Okay, these are Uggs. These are Crocs. These are knockoff Manolo Blahniks.

Sheldon: Bored.

Penny: Look, you said it yourself, we have to create a database before you can write an alga-thingy.

Sheldon: Algorithm. You see, Penny, Alan Turing defined an algorithm…

Penny: Bored. Okay. These are Steve Maddens. These are Nine West. These are Target. Oh, but don’t they look like Chanel? These are Michael Kors. These are Roxy. These are Sachel’s. Oh, these are Betsy Johnson, they’re so cute…

Sheldon (singing at the same time): Nobody knows the trouble I’ve seen, nobody knows my sorrow…









Series 4 Episode 13 – The Love Car Displacement
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory

Penny: Hey. So you guys ready to order?

Sheldon: Since we come in every Tuesday night at six o’clock and order the same exact thing, and it’s now six oh eight, I believe your question not only answers itself but also stands alongside such other nonsensical queries as who let the dogs out? and, uh, How are they hanging?

Penny: Okay. So, the usual, with extra spit on Sheldon’s hamburger.

Amy: Penny, a moment? Do you have plans this weekend?

Penny: Oh, gee, Amy, I’m sorry, I’m actually pretty busy this weekend.

Sheldon: Probably serving food that was ordered today.

Amy: That’s too bad. I was hoping you could be my plus-one at the Institute of Interdisciplinary Studies’ symposium on the impact of current scientific research on societal interactions.

Penny: The what?

Leonard: It’s an annual science conference. We’ve all been invited to speak.

Penny: Oh. Oh, okay, well, you know, like I said, I have plans, so.

Amy: Shame. Since you’re my best friend, I thought it would be a good bonding opportunity.

Penny: I’m your best friend?

Amy: Don’t you read my blog?

Penny: Oh, don’t feel bad. I never read Leonard’s, and I used to sleep with him.

Amy: Do you know anybody else who would appreciate an all-expense-paid spa weekend at a four-star resort in Big Sur?

Penny: No, I really, I’m sorry, free what? Sorry, what, what?

Leonard: I think her weekend just opened up.

Penny: Wait, wait, just to be clear, when you guys say spa, does that mean the same thing as when regular people say it?

Leonard: Pretty much. Except we keep our shirts on in the sauna.

Penny: You know, it is going to be difficult, but I’m going to cancel my plans so I can do this for my bestie.

Amy: Please don’t touch my breasts.

Penny: I, I wasn’t going to.

Amy: All right. I just want to establish boundaries.

Penny: Boy, this is great. I haven’t had a vacation in ages.

Sheldon: In order to take a vacation, one first has to work.

Penny: You know, for a smart guy, you really seem to have a hard time grasping the concept, don’t piss off the people who handle the things you eat.

Amy: That does seem to be a valid principle.

Sheldon: I trust Penny will adhere to the Official California Restaurant Workers’ Solemn Oath of Ethics and Cleanliness.”

Amy: I don’t believe there’s any such thing.

Sheldon: You lied to me?

Credits sequence.


Scene: The apartment.


Sheldon: Good morning. If I could have everyone’s attention, please? I know we’re all eager to get on the road to Big Sur, so if we focus, I’m sure we can get through this orientation in under a half an hour. Then it’s just Q&A, quiz, safety drills, pose for commemorative group photo and we’re off.

Leonard: Don’t worry. Just sit next to me during the quiz, and you can copy my answers.

Sheldon: Raj? What are you doing? I don’t think so. You’ve had your allotted six ounces. The first bathroom break isn’t until the Denny’s located near Bakersfield, which is approximately two and half hours away. Remember, people, we’re only as strong as our weakest bladder.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): Nobody cares about your Kegel exercises.

Sheldon: All right. We have seven people, and two cars. In the lead car, driven by Leonard, will be myself, Amy Farrah Fowler and Penny.

Amy: Yes! He had you in the other car, but I got you upgraded.

Penny: Yay!

Sheldon: She made the case that if we break down in the middle of nowhere, your Nebraska backwoods skills and brawny hands will give us the best chance to survive in the wild.

Penny: Brawny?

Leonard: They’re bigger than mine.

Scene: Leonard’s car. 

Sheldon: Red Leader to Red Five, come in. Red Leader to Red Five, come in. Howard, you promised.

Howard (voice): Fine.  Red Five to Red Leader. What do you want now?

Sheldon: It’s eleven fifteen. I’m requesting your quarter-hourly location update.

Howard: Still right behind you.

Sheldon: Copy that, Red Five. Radio contact is sufficient. No need to extend your middle finger.

Penny: So, Amy, I’ve been wondering, are you and Sheldon going to be sharing a room?

Amy: No, we discussed it. We decided we didn’t want to jeopardize our relationship by getting to know each other too well.

Sheldon: Indeed. Nothing sours a friendship more than over-familiarity with someone’s toilet routine.

Leonard: I can vouch for that.

Penny: Hey.

Leonard: Not you, him.

Penny: Oh. Thanks.

Leonard: Although yours was an eye-opener.

Amy: Don’t worry, Penny. You’re my plus-one. You’ll bunk with me. And FYI, travel makes me constipated, so I’m the ideal hotel roommate.

Penny: Terrific. Are we there yet?

Scene: Bernadette’s car. 

Bernadette: I hope we get there in time to see the keynote address.

Howard: Really? You want to see the keynote?

Bernadette: Yeah, it sounds fun. Super bacteria: global apocalypse or exciting research opportunity?

Howard: Actually, I was thinking we could go straight to the room and take a nap.

Bernadette: Really? And miss the keynote?

Howard: We can watch it later on C-SPAN. Besides, I was really looking forward to you and me napping together in the hotel.

Bernadette: Well honey, if you’re that tired, why don’t you just take a nap here in the car?

Howard: No, see, it’s not…

Bernadette: Hang on. It’s Leonard. Hi, Leonard.

Leonard (voice): Yeah, hi. Listen, I just got a text from Raj. He wanted me to tell you that when Howard says nap, he means sex.

Bernadette: Oh. Thank you, Raj.

Scene: Leonard’s car. 

Leonard: Are you an element in the actinoid series?

Sheldon: No. Amy?

Amy: Are you usually radioactive when found in nature?

Sheldon: No.

Amy: Are you in the lanthanoid series?

Sheldon: Amy, it’s Penny’s turn. Penny?

Penny: Uh, I don’t know. Are you food?

Sheldon: That’s not apropos. We’ve already established I’m found in the periodic table.

Penny: Well, it’s a table, right? I mean, why can’t there be food on it?

Sheldon: I knew she wasn’t lead car material.

Penny: Who elected you Road Trip God?

Sheldon: Leonard.

Leonard: It was a late-night vote. We were all exhausted, and he was threatening to filibuster. It’s not technically Road Trip God, it’s Travel Supervisor.

Sheldon: Although Road Trip God does have a certain ring to it.

Penny: I don’t understand why you people just let him bully you like this. Someone should stand up to him. What’s he going to do?

Scene: Bernadette’s car. 

Penny: I can’t believe you let him kick me out of the car.

Howard: What could we do? He’s the Travel Supervisor.

Bernadette: Don’t worry, Penny. This is a better car anyway.

Howard: Yeah. It’s the Love Car.

Penny: Should I ask?

Bernadette (singing): They say we’re young and we don’t know, we won’t find out until we grow.

Howard (singing): Well, I don’t know if all that’s true, ’cause you got me, and, baby, I got you.

Together (singing): Babe, mm da-da, da-da, da-da, I got you, babe, da-da, da-da, da-da, I got you, babe…

Penny: Red Leader, I’m really sorry.

Scene: The hotel. 

Howard and Bernadette (singing): I got you, babe.

Amy: I missed you.

Penny: You know what? I missed you, too.

Very tall and powerfully built man: Bernadette?

Bernadette: Oh, my God, Glenn!

Glenn: Great to see you!

Bernadette: Are you here for the conference?

Glenn: Yeah, I’m doing a global warming panel.

Bernadette: Oh, good for you. Uh, Glenn, this is my boyfriend Howard.

Glenn: Oh. Nice to meet you.

Howard: Hi. Ow. Hi.

Glenn: You’re a lucky man. Bernie’s a great gal.

Howard: Yes. Bernie sure is.

Glenn: Well, I got to run. The panel’s tomorrow morning. It’s called, Remembering Snow: A Look Back.

Bernadette: I’ll try to catch it.

Glenn: Oh, great. Bye.

Bernadette: Bye.

Howard: Hey, Bernie?

Bernadette: Yeah?

Howard: Please tell me he’s your gay cousin.

Bernadette: No. He was one of my professors in college.

Howard: Oh! That’s a relief.

Bernadette: Then we went out for a year. Come on, let’s check in, so we can take that nap.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): No, it’s not necessarily proportional. Shut up!

Scene: Howard’s hotel room.

Howard: That green bag is Dr. Cooper’s. Here’s an extra five. Make him wait. Oh. Right to the nap, huh? Okay? Uh, so, this Glenn guy. You say you went out with him for, like, a year.

Bernadette: Do we really need to talk about my old boyfriend now?

Howard: No. I guess not. What is he, like, six-four, six-five?

Bernadette: Six-seven.

Howard: Probably has a hard time finding a suit that fits.

Bernadette: Is something bothering you?

Howard: No. It’s just…

Bernadette: What?

Howard: I’m just thinking. If you had sex with that guy, I mean, there’s nothing I can do here that will make any kind of impact.

Bernadette: Howard, it’s not a contest. I love you. I want to be with you.

Howard: Yeah, great, love you, too, but, if it were a contest, I wouldn’t have a chance, right?

Bernadette: You can’t think that way.

Howard: Yep. Loser.

Bernadette: Howard, stop it.

Howard: Sorry. I just never figured that a guy like me going out with a girl like you would ever have to compete with a guy like that.

Bernadette: Wait a minute, a girl like me? What’s that mean?

Howard: I’m… I…

Bernadette: Are you saying you don’t think I’m hot enough to go out with a guy like Glenn?

Howard: No! No, I’m saying exactly the opposite.

Bernadette: I’m too hot to go out with a guy like Glenn?

Howard: Yeah, let’s go with that.

Scene: Amy’s hotel room.

Amy (exiting bathroom): Still nothing. Remind me to try again in an hour.

Penny: Will do.

Amy: So, girl talk?

Penny: Um, sure. What do you, what do you got in mind?

Amy: Do you subscribe to the Freudian theory of penis envy?

Penny: Um, I never really thought about it. Why?

Amy: Sometimes I think it might be nice to have one.

Penny: Really?

Amy: Not for sex, for convenience. You can’t deny that, by comparison, our internal plumbing is extremely high maintenance.

Penny: Again, I’ve never given it much thought.

Amy: We have time now. Think about it.

Penny (knock on door): Oh, good. Hey.

Bernadette: Can I stay here tonight?

Penny: Yeah. Why, what happened?

Bernadette: Howard’s a complete and total ass.

Penny: Oh, yeah, that. Come on in.

Bernadette: Thanks. I’ll sleep on the floor.

Amy: Not necessary. Penny and I are perfectly comfortable sharing a bed.

Penny: We are?

Amy: Of course, we’re best friends.

Penny: Oh, right, right, the blog.

Amy: Word of warning, though. I’m prone to night terrors, so if I wake up kicking and screaming, don’t panic. Just pin me down and stroke my hair, and I’ll be fine.

Scene: Leonard’s room. 

Penny: Hey, can I stay here tonight?

Leonard: Shh-shh-shh-shh. Sheldon’s asleep. What’s going on?

Penny: Well, Howard’s a complete and total ass, Bernadette’s in my bed, and no matter how much you stroke Amy’s hair, she bites.

Leonard: What?

Penny: Never mind. Can I stay here or not?

Leonard: Uh, sure.

Penny: All right.

Leonard: So, how do you wanna do this?

Penny: Well, I’m not getting in bed with him.

Leonard: Yeah, it is a little like getting into Dracula’s coffin.

Penny: We’re just gonna have to make the best of this.

Leonard: Okay, when you say make the best of it.

Penny: Sleep.

Leonard: Right. So we’ll just call the middle here the Neutral Zone.

Penny: The what?

Leonard: Star Trek. You know, the Neutral Zone between the Federation and the Romulan Empire.

Penny: Oh, okay. Just like old times.

Leonard: Of course, sometimes the Federation and the Romulans would enter the Neutral Zone to negotiate a temporary truce.

Penny: Sweetie, let me put this in a way you’ll understand. From the waist down, my shields are up.

Leonard: Got it, got it. We can do all kinds of stuff from the waist up, you know?

Penny: Go to sleep.

Leonard: Good night.

Sheldon: Please tell me you’re not having coitus.

Penny: We are not having coitus.

Sheldon: Can you guarantee that it won’t happen at any time during the night?

Penny: Yes.

Leonard: No.

Scene: Raj’s room.

TV Announcer: Next on Turner Classic Movies, Bridget Jones’s Diary.

Raj: Oh, my God, I’m crying already.

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Raj? (Knock, knock, knock) Raj? (Knock, knock, knock) Raj? I need to sleep here tonight.

Raj: Why?

Sheldon: Howard is a complete and total ass, Bernadette is in Penny’s bed, Amy bites, and Penny may or may not have coitus with Leonard.

Raj: Okay. Come on in.

Scene: Leonard’s room. 

Penny: Leonard, are you asleep?

Leonard: No.

Penny: I really appreciate you letting me stay here tonight.

Leonard: Sure, no problem.

Penny: I know it’s kinda weird.

Leonard: True dat.

Penny: True dat?

Leonard: I’ve gotten a lot more street since we broke up.

Penny: Right. Still mad at me about that?

Leonard: No. No, I understand. I got too intense, you had to back off.

Penny: Thank you.

Leonard: I’ve gotten a lot better at that, you know. I’ve dated four different women since we broke up and I didn’t tell any of them that I loved them and wanted to have their babies.

Penny: Good for you.

Leonard: Okay, good night.

Penny: Good night. You know, maybe it wouldn’t be the worst idea in the world to violate the Neutral Zone for just one night. Oh!

Raj: Hey, Leonard, Sheldon kicked me out of the room, gave me your key.

Leonard: Penny’s here. (Raj whispers to him) No, we don’t want to watch Bridget Jones’s Diary!

Scene: A conference room.

Sheldon: Good morning and welcome to Science and Society. I’m Dr. Sheldon Cooper, BS, MS, MA, PhD, and ScD. OMG, right? Perhaps that joke was a little too hippie-dippy for this crowd. All right then, we’ll begin with opening remarks. Miss Rostenkowski, would you like to start us off by discussing your assessment of science’s responsibility to society?

Bernadette: Sure. I think all branches of science have to move cautiously these days. It’s not just giant nuclear weapons that can destroy the world. As a microbiologist, I can tell you even the tiniest organisms can still tear you a new one.

Howard: Interesting. I think what you might need to know about my colleague is that though she claims her field of interest  is tiny organisms, she certainly has spent her fair share of time around what we can assume was pretty massive weaponry.

Bernadette: I think Mr. Wolowitz needs to keep in mind that the past is the past. But he should know that I am the kind of girl who could get all the giant missiles she wants.

Amy: Are we talking about women wanting penises? Because I’d like to weigh in.

Sheldon: Dr. Koothrappali, would you care to join the conversation?

Raj: Certainly. I’d like to raise two points. Number one, I think they are talking about penises. And number two, these mimosas are kicking my little brown ass.

Leonard: I’d like to kick your little brown ass.

Raj: What did I do?

Leonard: Oh, I don’t know. Maybe when you walk into a hotel room and you see a guy getting back together with his girlfriend, you should consider doing something other than crawling into the adjoining bed.

Raj: I did. You said no Bridget Jones.

Penny (voice): We weren’t getting back together! It was a one-time thing!

Sheldon: Excuse me. We’re not taking comments or questions from the audience just yet.

Penny(voice): Oh, shut up, Sheldon!

Amy: Hi, bestie.

Penny(voice): Yeah, hi.

Sheldon: All right, why don’t we see if we can bring this back to topic.

Howard: Let me ask you something, Bernie.

Sheldon: I guess not.

Howard: How would you feel if you met my ex-girlfriend and she was like Angelina Jolie?

Bernadette: Oh, come on, Howard, be realistic.

Howard: What, I’m not hot enough for Angelina Jolie?

Raj: I’d like to weigh in here. No.

Sheldon: All right, why don’t we open it up to Q&A from the audience?

Penny (voice): Yeah, I have a question. Is there anybody who can get me the hell out of here and back to Los Angeles tonight?

Glenn (voice): I’m driving back to L.A. tonight.

Bernadette: Um, Penny, that’s Glenn. Glenn, that’s Penny.

Leonard: No!

Scene: Bernadette’s car. 

Sheldon (voice): Red Leader to Red Five. Red Leader to Red Five. Anybody up for a little game? I spy with my little eye, a nonferrous metal. (Howard throws walkie-talkie out of window)

Scene: Leonard’s car. 

Sheldon: Must be out of range.

Amy: Leonard, can I ask you a question?

Leonard: Sure.

Amy: Are you bothered by the fact that your former girlfriend left the symposium with what is probably the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen in my life?

Leonard: No. Why do you ask?

Amy: Because we’re going 120 miles per hour.

Sheldon: All right, if no one’s going to guess, I was spying the aluminium rims on the police car we passed a few miles back.

































Series 4 Episode 14 – The Thespian Catalyst
Scene: A lecture hall.

Sheldon: Good evening. I’m your guest lecturer, Dr. Sheldon Cooper. I was expecting applause, but I suppose stunned silence is equally appropriate. I agreed to speak to you this evening, because I was told that you’re the best and the brightest of this university’s doctoral candidates. Hmm. Of course, that’s like saying you are the most important electron in a hydrogen atom. ‘Cause, you see, there’s only one electron in a hydrogen atom. Best and brightest, my sweet patootie. All right, let’s begin. Show of hands, who here is familiar with the concept of topological insulators? Don’t kid yourselves.

Scene: The apartment.

Leonard: I found another tweet from a student at Sheldon’s lecture. Dr. Cooper has taken a relatively boring subject and managed to make it completely insufferable. Plus, he looks like a giant insect.

Howard: Look. Listen to this one. Does Einstein’s theory explain why time flies when you’re having fun, but when you’re listening to Dr. Cooper, it falls out of the sky, dead?

Raj: Ooh, somebody took pictures and uploaded them to their Flickr account.

Leonard: Wow. How do you get an entire lecture hall to flip you off at the same time?

Howard: Apparently, if you’re Sheldon, all you need to do is turn your back.

Penny: Hey, Leonard, is your wi-fi down? I can’t get on.

Leonard: Oh, Sheldon changed the password. It’s now Penny is a freeloader. No spaces.

Penny: Thanks. What are you guys doing?

Leonard: Sheldon gave a lecture at the university tonight. We’re reading the reviews.

Penny: Oh. How’d he do?

Howard: Well, picture the Hindenburg meets Chernobyl meets Three Mile Island meets Tron 2.

Penny: That bad, huh?

Leonard: Read this woman’s tweet.

Penny: Listening to Dr. Cooper has made me want to start cutting myself again

Leonard: Yeah.

Sheldon: Good evening, Leonard, Howard, Raj, freeloader.

Howard: So, how’d the lecture go?

Leonard: In a word, triumphant.

Leonard: Really? Triumphant?

Sheldon: Oh, yes, you should have seen those young people. Thirsty for knowledge, drinking in my wisdom. I may have changed a few lives today.

Penny: Oh, please let me tell him.

Leonard: I don’t know, I kind of promised Howard.

Sheldon: Tell me what?

Howard: Actually, we should all share the moment. Raj, if you would.

Sheldon: Oh, tweets about my lecture. Hmm. That’s rather unfair. That’s downright cruel. Plus, insects have six legs. Yeah, I’m not familiar with the acronym KMN.

Leonard: Oh, uh, from the context, we think it means kill me now.

Sheldon: Well, I suppose everyone’s entitled to their own opinion. I think I’ll turn in. I didn’t want to teach those poopy heads, anyway.

Howard: FYI, I think that’s what Darth Vader said just before he started building the Death Star.

Scene: The Cheesecake Factory

Howard: Sheldon still moping?

Leonard: Yeah, it’s weird. Even though he didn’t want to give the lecture in the first place, being rejected by those students really hit him hard.

Raj: Mmm, I know the feeling. It’s like accidentally walking into a gay bar and then having no one hit on you. It-It happened to a friend of mine.

Bernadette: Are you guys doing okay?

Howard: Yeah, Leonard and I are fine, but I think Raj needs to meet a girl really soon.

Bernadette: Well, that shouldn’t be too hard. He’s such a cutie.

Raj: Thank you, but cute is for bunnies. I want to be something with sex appeal, like, like a labradoodle.

Howard: Labradoodle?

Leonard: We might be starting to zero in on your problem.

Bernadette: Don’t you listen to them. You’ve got plenty of sex appeal.

Raj: You really think so?

Bernadette: Yeah. You’re a hottie.

Raj: Well, thanks, Bernadette. And just for the record, labradoodles are hypo-allergenic, which is a very sexy quality to those troubled by animal dander.

Scene: The apartment.

Amy (on webcam, with an undersea background): So, what do you think?

Sheldon: It’s a charming illusion, but it does not cheer me up.

Amy: Not even when I do this? (Pretends to be a fish)

Sheldon: No.

Amy: Well, that was the last arrow in my quiver of whimsy.

Sheldon: Do you realize that teaching is the first thing I’ve failed at since my ill-fated attempt to complete a chin-up in March of 1989?

Amy: If this humiliating experience is really troubling you, there are things we could do about it.

Sheldon: For instance?

Amy: Well, the first thing that comes to mind is isolating the part of your brain where the memory is stored and destroying it with a laser.

Sheldon: Hmm, no. One slip of the hand, and suddenly I’m sitting in the Engineering Department, building doodads with Wolowitz.

Amy: All right. Have you considered improving your socialization skills, thus allowing you to communicate more effectively with other people?

Sheldon: Isn’t that their burden? I’m the one with something interesting to say.

Amy: Fair enough, but in its essence, teaching is a performance art. In the classroom paradigm, the teacher has the responsibility to communicate, as well as entertain and engage.

Sheldon: I sense that you’re trying to slow-walk me to an epiphany. Would you mind very much jumping to it?

Amy: Perhaps you should consider taking acting lessons.

Sheldon: Acting lessons. Interesting. It might help if I could act as though I care about my students and whether or not they learn.

Scene: Penny’s apartment door.

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.

Penny: What?

Sheldon: You’re an (finger quotes) actress, correct?

Penny: I’m not an (finger quotes)actress. I’m an actress.

Sheldon: All right. You’re an actress. I need you to teach me.

Penny: You want an acting lesson?

Sheldon: Perhaps two. I’d like to master the craft.

Penny: Okay, where is this coming from?

Sheldon: It has been suggested to me that acting techniques could improve my lecturing, at which, if certain tweets and blogs are to be believed, I suck the big one.

Penny: Yeah, I saw those. They were funny. I printed a few out and put ‘em on my fridge.

Sheldon: So, when could we start?

Penny: Okay, just to be clear. You are asking me for help because I know something that the brilliant Dr. Sheldon Cooper doesn’t.

Sheldon: I suppose that’s one way to look at it.

Penny: I think it’s the only way to look at it.

Sheldon: Are you going to help me or not?

Penny: Probably. I’m just enjoying the foreplay. Does this mean you are done mocking my acting career?

Sheldon: Oh, I’m sorry, I thought making the transition from actor to acting teacher was the signal that one’s career had reached the end of the road.

Penny: Forget it.

Sheldon: I’ll pay you 40 dollars.

Penny: Saturday, nine a.m. Bring cash.

Scene: The university cafeteria

Howard: Raj, I have amazing news!

Raj: What?

Howard: I just got offered a fellowship at the Weitzmann Institute in Israel.

Raj: Dude, that’s incredible!

Howard: I know. The only thing is, I’m gonna be gone for two years.

Raj: Aw, I’m gonna miss you. Are you going with him?

Bernadette: I have to stay here for school.

Howard: That’s what we’re here to talk to you about. You see, Bernadette has needs.

Raj: What kind of needs?

Howard: Sexual needs.

Bernadette: Most of them regular, some of them kind of messed up.

Howard: So, while I’m gone, you’re going to have to satisfy her.

Bernadette: What do you say?

Raj: I say okey-dokey.

Howard (to the real Raj who is daydreaming): What ya thinking so hard about?

Raj: Just that I’m definitely not gay.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.

Penny: What’s wrong?

Sheldon: Nothing. I was acting.

Penny: You were acting?

Sheldon: Yes. In preparation for today’s studies, I read Stanislavski’s An Actor Prepares, Stella Adler’s

The Technique of Acting, Uta Hagen’s Respect for Acting, and Henry Winkler’s Heyyy, I’m an Actor.

Penny: Well, good for you. Come on in.

Sheldon: How shall we begin?

Penny: Well, I thought we’d start with some basic movement exercises. You know, get our bodies warmed up a little.

Sheldon: All right.

Penny: So I just want you to relax and kind of move around in the space. You know, just do whatever feels natural. Sheldon?

Sheldon (doing nothing): You said to do whatever feels natural. This feels natural. Certainly more natural than what you’re doing.

Penny: Come on, you got to work with me. We need to get connected with our bodies.

Sheldon: Penny, my body and I have a relationship that works best when we maintain a cool, wary distance from each other.

Penny: All right, let’s just say we’ve warmed up.

Sheldon: You’re the teacher.

Penny: Okay. One of the things that might help you in connecting with your students is being a little more spontaneous. So why don’t we try some improvisation?

Sheldon: Why not? It seems like you’re improvising your entire curriculum.

Penny: This is all about listening and responding.

Sheldon: Gotcha.

Penny: I’m going to create a character and a situation, and you just jump in when you feel it.

Sheldon: All right.

Penny: All right.

Sheldon: Action.

Penny: Okay, it’s not a movie. It’s improv. So no one calls action.

Sheldon: Hey, you taught me something. Who would have thought it?

Penny: Okay. Uh, no, the shipment has not arrived, and I really need those shoes. They are my biggest seller. Yes, ladies sizes six through ten. Thank you. Oh, sorry, I have to go, I have a customer. Bye-bye. Hi. Can I help you?

Sheldon: I’d like a frozen yogurt, please.

Penny: Yogurt?

Sheldon: Yeah.

Penny: Um, okay, sure. Luckily, we sell both shoes and yogurt here.

Sheldon: You do?

Penny: Yes. Look up at the sign, and remember, improv is always about saying yes.

Sheldon: All right. Yes. I see a sign. It says Camarillo State Mental Hospital.

Penny: What?

Sheldon: It’s the only explanation I can come up with for why you think you sell shoes and yogurt.

Penny: Okay, you know what? Let’s just try a different improv. Uh, oh, this time we will be two winos living under a freeway overpass.

Sheldon: Oh, and we’re going to use props?

Penny: You bet. I had dreams, you know. I was gonna be famous. Show everybody back home I could be someone. Now look at me. Want some?

Sheldon: You have any frozen yogurt?

Scene: The apartment.

Leonard: I’m still not adjusted to how the SyFy channel spells their name now. S-Y-F-Y. That’s siffy.

Raj: Uh-huh.

Leonard (phone rings): Hello? Oh, my God! Is he okay?

Raj: What happened?

Leonard: Hang on. Hang on. Uh-huh. Okay, thank you. Howard was on his scooter, and got hit by a truck. He’s in critical condition.

Raj: Oh, no!

Bernadette: Did you hear? Isn’t it terrible?

Leonard: Have you seen him?

Bernadette: They wouldn’t let me in. Oh my Howie.

Leonard: It’ll be okay. It’ll be okay.

Raj: It’ll be okay. It’ll be okay. (Phone rings) It’s Howard. Howard, hello.

Howard: Raj, is that you?

Raj: Yeah, I’m right here, buddy. How are you?

Howard: Shh, shh. Listen to me. I’m not gonna make it.

Raj: No, no, no, don’t say that. You’re going to be all right.

Howard: Raj, I don’t have time. Now, pay attention. My last wish is that you look after Bernadette.

Raj: Of course, of course. Now when you say look after, you mean…

Bernadette: Sexually.

Raj: Excuse me, Bernadette. I have to hear it from him.

Howard: Sexually.

Raj: Got it. Take care. I guess I have no choice but to make sweet, guilt-free love to you over and over again for the rest of my life.

Bernadette: That’s how I heard it.

Leonard (out of Raj’s daydream): Or it could be sy-fee.

Raj: What?

Leonard: S-Y-F-Y. Sy-fee.

Raj: Oh, right. Good one.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Penny: So, did you get a chance to go over the scene I gave you?

Sheldon: Yes. I didn’t care for it.

Penny: Okay, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is an American classic.

Sheldon: So is the McRib sandwich. I don’t care for that, either.

Penny: Fine. What would you rather do as a scene study?

Sheldon: I’m glad you asked. I took the liberty of adapting a Star Trek fan fiction novella I wrote when I was ten into a one-act play.

Penny: And you think it’s better than Tennessee Williams?

Sheldon: Why don’t we leave that for future generations to decide?

Penny: Where No Sheldon Has Gone Before.

Sheldon: It’s the story of a young boy who is transported from the ignorant backwoods of East Texas to the 23rd Century, where his genius is not only appreciated, but celebrated.

Penny: KMN.

Sheldon: Now, in this pivotal scene, Sheldon’s mother, played by you, argues with an emissary of the United Federation of Planets, Mr. Spock, the role I will bring to life.

Penny: Okay, that’s fine, but let’s try and get you out of your comfort zone.

Sheldon: Why would we want to do that? It’s called the comfort zone for a reason.

Penny: Okay, the whole point of this is to loosen you up a little, so I’m thinking you’ll play the role of your mother, and I will bring life to Mr. Spock.

Sheldon: I’m sorry. You’ll be Spock?

Penny: It’s only logical.

Sheldon: Very well. I’ll set the scene.

Penny: All right.

Sheldon: East Texas. A warm summer night. A woman, Mary, stands on a porch. In the distance, we hear a lonesome train whistle. Woo-woo. The droning buzz of cicadas. Zzzzzzzzz. A coyote howls at the moon, frightening sensitive young boys everywhere. Aw-aw-aw! Out in the woods, an owl screeches.

Penny: Okay, okay. We get it. You set the scene.

Sheldon: Hoo!

Penny: Now just read your mother’s line.

Sheldon: Shelly! Shelly, how many times have I told you not to leave your sciencey stuff out on the porch? Goodness, I’ll never understand that boy. But then again, I’m a religious nut, and my mind is closed to so many things.

Penny: Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo. Spock to Enterprise. Transport successful.

Sheldon: Glory be to Heaven, some sort of creature just manifested out of thin air. George, put down that Pepsi can full of bourbon that ain’t foolin’ no one, and get your shotgun!

Penny: Greetings, Mary Cooper. I am Spock.

Sheldon: I’m sorry. I just don’t buy it.

Penny: Just keep going!

Sheldon: Oh, my, your sudden appearance startles me.

Penny: We have been monitoring your son Sheldon from the 23rd Century, and we have determined that he is now ready to join us. His unique genius is our best hope for bringing peace to a vast and troubled galaxy.

Sheldon: I understand. Oh, Shelly? A man’s here to take you away to the future! Be sure to pack clean underwear.”

Penny: Okay, okay, let’s try that last line again, and this time, maybe try choking up a little.

Sheldon: Why?

Penny: Well, you’re losing your son.

Sheldon: Yes, but he’s going to a better place where he won’t get beat up. So much.

Penny: All right, come on, just try it my way. Pretend you’re sad to see him go. I’m gonna lead you in. His unique genius is our best hope for bringing peace to a vast and troubled galaxy. That’s your cue.

Sheldon: I’m sorry. I just love that line. Even the way you do it.

Penny: All right, come on, come on. Put some real emotion into it. Blah-blah, blah, blah, vast and troubled galaxy. Go.

Sheldon: Oh, Shelly? A man’s here to take you away to the future. Be sure to pack clean underwear.

Penny: That’s good. That’s good. That’s good.

Sheldon: Mommy, why are you crying? ‘Cause I’m gonna miss you, Shelly-bean, even though you creep the bejeezus out of me.

Penny: Okay, I guess we’re improvising now.

Sheldon: Well I’m sorry. It’s not my fault. I’m just incredibly smart, and everyone around here is dumber than a bag of rocks. Oh, now, don’t you start crying. You get in that spaceship. Mommy’s late for Indian bingo.

Penny (on phone): Mrs. Cooper, hey, it’s Penny. Yeah, I think I broke your son. Hey, hold on. Talk to your mother.

Sheldon: Mommy, I love you. Don’t let Spock take me to the future!

Scene: The cafeteria. 

Bernadette: Okay, Raj, I know you’ve been avoiding me and Howard, and I’m not leaving until you tell me what’s going on inside that little head of yours.

(Scene turns into a Bollywood musical)

Raj (singing): Like the wild elephant I am trumpeting my love for you!

Bernadette (singing): Like a hidden flower my sweet fragrance comes into view!

Raj (singing): My heart burns for you like the sun at noon!

Bernadette (singing): My desert welcomes you like the rainy monsoon!

Raj (singing): You are my heart!

Bernadette (singing): My universe!

Raj (singing): You are my heart!

Bernadette (singing): My universe!

Both together (singing): My universe!

Chorus of everyone in cafeteria (singing): Hey! You are my heart! My universe! You are my heart! My universe! You are my heart! My universe! My universe!

Raj (out of daydream): Dance number aside, I’m so not gay.





Series 4 Episode 15 – The Benefactor Factor
Scene: The University cafeteria

Raj: Here’s what I wonder about zombies. (Others all groan) What happens if they can’t get any human flesh to eat? They can’t starve to death, they’re already dead.

Howard: You take this one. I spent an hour last night on how do vampires shave when they can’t see themselves in the mirror?

Sheldon: Well-groomed vampires meet in pairs and shave each other. Case closed.

Raj: Yeah, okay, so, zombies.

Leonard: I guess it depends on the zombies, Raj. Are we talking slow zombies, fast zombies? Like, in 28 Days, if those zombies didn’t eat, they starved.

Howard: You’re thinking of 28 Days Later. 28 Days is where Sandra Bullock goes to rehab and puts the audience into an undead state

Raj: Hey, don’t bag on Sandra Bullock! You think it makes you look cultured, but you just come off as bitter.

Leonard: Oh, Dr. Siebert, twelve o’clock.

Howard: Why’s the president of the university slumming in the cafeteria?

Sheldon: Perhaps he’s emulating Shakespeare’s Henry V, who dressed as a commoner and mingled among them, to find out how he was being perceived by his subjects. Course, if he’d have read any of the thirteen hundred e-mails I’ve sent him on the subject of his administration, he could have saved himself the trouble.

Raj: Or maybe he heard it’s Tator Tot Tuesday. That’s why I’m here.

Dr. Seibert: Hey, there’s my favorite geniuses! How are we doing today?

Sheldon: That depends, how much longer do you plan on fondling my shoulder?

Seibert: Sorry, Dr. Cooper, I forgot you have a touch phobia.

Sheldon: It’s not a touch phobia, it’s a germ phobia. If you’d like to go put on a pair of latex gloves,

I’ll let you check me for a hernia.

Seibert: Yeah. So, listen, fellas, who’s up for a little party this Saturday night? Open bar, good eats, might even be a few pretty girls.

Raj: Sounds great!

Howard: I’m in!

Sheldon: Hold on. Just because the nice man is offering you candy, doesn’t mean you should jump into his windowless van. What’s the occasion?

Seibert: Just a little fund-raiser for the university.

Sheldon: Aha! The tear-stained air mattress in the back of the van.

Seibert: I understand your reticence, Dr. Cooper, and I sympathize, but the hard facts are, occasionally, we have to shake a few hands and kiss a few butts to raise money for our research.

Sheldon: I don’t care, it’s demeaning. And I refuse to be trotted out and shown off like a prize hog at the Texas State Fair. Which, by the way, is something you don’t want to attend wearing a Star Trek ensign’s uniform.

Seibert: All right, let me put it this way. You’re gonna put on a suit, you’re gonna come to this party, and you’re gonna explain your research to a bunch of old people, or I swear to God, I’ll blind you with a hot spoon, like they did to that little boy in Slumdog Millionaire.

Raj: Oh, you don’t want that.

Seibert: So, Saturday night! It’s gonna be off the hook.

Sheldon: Ugh!

Seibert: Get over it.

Raj: Oh, boy! Tator tots and a party invitation? What a great day!

Credits sequence. 


Scene: The apartment.

Penny: There you go.

Leonard: Are you sure this is right?

Penny: Yeah, just tuck that part in your pants;  you’ll be fine.

Howard: Okay, let’s go smooch some rich, wrinkled tuckus.

Penny: Oh, Howard, I can’t believe Bernadette let you go to a fancy party wearing a dickey.

Howard: Excuse me, my girlfriend doesn’t pick out my clothes. My mother does.

Leonard: Oh. We should get going.

Howard: What about Sheldon?

Sheldon: Sheldon is not going.

Leonard: Really? What do we tell Siebert?

Sheldon: Tell him Dr. Cooper feels that the best use of his time is to employ his rare and precious mental faculties to tear the mask off nature and stare at the face of God.

Penny: Sheldon, it’s Saturday night, you’ll be doing laundry.

Sheldon: Don’t tell him that, tell him the mask thing.

Scene: The party.

Howard: Hey, put your tie back in your pants.

Leonard: Thanks.

Raj: Nice place. Reminds me of my parents’ house back in New Delhi.

Howard: You’re kidding.

Raj: No. We are very wealthy. But the only difference is, we have more servants.

Leonard: More than this?

Raj: More than we can use. You see, in India, we don’t make the mistake of letting our poor people have dreams.

Seibert: Ah. There’s my band of brainiacs. Where’s Dr. Cooper?

Leonard: He’s tearing the mask off nature to look at the face of God.

Seibert: The board of directors insists he has a beautiful mind. I think he’s just bananas. Come on, let me introduce you to one of the university’s leading donors.

Raj: I think we were misled about the cute girls.

Seibert: Mrs. Latham, I’d like you to meet three of our outstanding young researchers. This is Dr. Leonard Hofstadter, Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali and Howard Wolowitz.

Mrs Latham: Well, what happened to you, Wolowitz, couldn’t stick with it long enough to get your PhD?

Howard: I’m an engineer. Most engineers don’t bother with a PhD. But you may be interested to know I designed the zero-gravity waste-disposal system for NASA.

Mrs Latham: Got it, you’re a space plumber.

Howard: I’m gonna go hit the bar.

Mrs Latham: Tell me about these two.

Raj: Do him first.

Seibert: Dr. Hofstadter is representing our experimental physics program tonight. I think you’ll really enjoy hearing about his fascinating work.

Mrs Latham: Right. Fascinate me.

Leonard: Uh.. b.. d.. uh.. uh..

Mrs Latham: They’re cute when they’re about to wet themselves, aren’t they? I’ll make it easy for you. When you arrive at the lab in the morning, what sort of machine do you turn on?

Leonard: Coffee maker?

Mrs Latham: All right, Dr. Kooth… uh, whatever it is, you’re up.

Raj: It’s Koothrappali. I have to tinkle.

Scene: The apartment.

Sheldon: And so, instead of bowing to pressure, and going to that pointless soiree, I stayed right here and did a load of whites.

Amy (on webcam): Well, normally I respect your macho rebellious attitude toward The Man, but, in this case, I think you’ve made a foolish mistake.

Sheldon: Unlikely. But make your case. Keeping in mind that your critical attitude is ruining our Saturday night together, and I’m not above minimizing your window.

Amy: Sheldon, like it or not, until you manage to upload your intelligence into a self-sustaining orbiting satellite, equipped with high-speed Internet and a cloaking device, you will be dependent on other members of the human race.

Sheldon: That’s it. Prepare to be minimized.

Amy: I’m not finished. All scientists have to fund-raise, Sheldon. How do you think I paid for my lab?

I went to Saudi Arabia and met with a prince who had an interest in neurobiology.

Sheldon: Your lab is funded by some Middle-Eastern dilettante?

Amy: Technically, Faisal is my fiance. But I do have a state-of-the-art two-photon microscope and a place to stay in Riyadh for the winter.

Sheldon: Well, that explains those puzzling camel race photos on your Facebook page.

Amy: And consider this, without you to make the case for the physics department, the task will fall to people like Leonard and Rajesh.

Sheldon: Are you trying to scare me? ‘Cause you’re succeeding.

Amy: Well, then prepare to be terrified. If your friends are unconvincing, this year’s donations might go to, say, the geology department.

Sheldon: Oh, dear,not, not the dirt people!

Amy: Or worse, it could go to the liberal arts.

Sheldon: No!

Amy: Millions of dollars being showered on poets, literary theorists and students of gender studies.

Sheldon: Oh, the humanities!

Scene: The party.

Leonard: On the bright side, I don’t think President Siebert will be making us go to any more fund-raisers.

Howard: It was so much easier at my bar mitzvah. The old people just came up to you, pinched your cheek and handed you a savings bond.

Raj: Oh, don’t be such gloomy Gusses. Look at the size of these shrimp! At what point do we start calling them lobsters?

Leonard: Face it, Raj, we crashed and burned tonight.

Mrs Latham: Oh, you didn’t do that badly.

Leonard: Mrs. Latham, the first machine I turn on in the morning is the helium-neon laser, ’cause it needs to warm up.

Mrs Latham: I no longer care, dear. But don’t worry, I really enjoyed meeting you this evening.

Leonard: You’re kidding. That was good for you? ‘Cause I was sweating through my T-shirt.

Mrs Latham: Excellent! There’s nothing I like better than making smart people feel ill at ease.

Leonard: Why?

Mrs Latham: Oh, I don’t know, it’s one of the fun things you get to do when you have lots of money. Watch. Hey! Who said you could eat that shrimp? See? Fun.

Sheldon (behind them): No, no, no, I’m just here for your money. I don’t want to shake anyone’s germy hands. Explain it to them, Siebert.

Scene: The apartment. 

Sheldon (on phone): I must confess I don’t understand you, President Siebert. First you say you want me to appear at your fund-raisers, but now you say you never want me to go anywhere near your fund-raisers. Forgive me, but that sounds like a mixed message. Here we go again. If there’s simply no talking to me, why did you call? I’m sorry, someone’s on the other line. Why don’t you see if you can organize your thoughts, and we’ll try again later. Cooper-Hofstadter residence. Go for Cooper.

Good morning, Mrs. Latham. Well, yes, of course I remember you. A woman well past her prime seeking to augment her social status by doling out her late husband’s ill-gotten gains. So, how much money are you going to give me? I’m not crazy, my mother had me tested. Well, if you’re not going to give me money, then why are you calling? She wants to talk to you. Who’s crazy now?

Leonard: Hello, Mrs. Latham. Yes, I live with him. I don’t, I, I really don’t know why. Tonight? Sure, that’d be great. Okay, I’ll, I’ll see you then. Bye. She wants to have dinner and talk about my research.

Sheldon: An entire dinner to talk about your research? Where you going, the drive-thru at Jack in the Box?

Leonard: Well, wherever we’re going, she’s sending a car to pick me up.

Sheldon: Okay, I see what’s happening.

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: My stature intimidates her, so she’s using you to get to me. Crafty old gal.

Leonard: Excuse me, but you are not the only distinguished scientist in this apartment. I’ve been published in peer-reviewed journals, I received a Dissertation of the Year award for experimental particle physics.

Sheldon: No, that can’t be it. And since you seem to have forgotten, the reason we live together is we’re best friends. And I got your back, Jack.

Secne: Mrs Latham’s car.

Leonard: That was a great meal.

Mrs Latham: I’m glad you enjoyed it.

Leonard: The only time I eat this well is when my mom’s in town and she takes me out to dinner.

Mrs Latham: Is that so?

Leonard: You kind of remind me of her. She enjoys making people uncomfortable, too.

Mrs Latham: Well, you remind me of a boy I dated in college.

Leonard: No kidding.

Mrs Latham: Sweet boy. Very smart. If only he’d had money.

Leonard: Yeah, um, so, hey, speaking of money, how are you feeling about helping the physics department get a cryogenic centrifugal pump and molecular sieve?

Mrs Latham: Well, I must say, you make a very persuasive case for it.

Leonard: Oh, good, good.

Mrs Latham: And I’m seriously considering taking it to the next level.

Leonard: Terrific. Great. What level is that? (She grabs him and kisses him) Okay, now you don’t remind me of my mom.

Scene: The apartment.


Sheldon: I’m sorry, so, eventually, zombies are going to attack the rehab facility where Sandra Bullock is?

Penny: Yes, Sheldon. Keep watching.

Sheldon: You know, it’s a shame, all that work she’s doing to get sober, only to be torn apart and eaten alive.

Howard: Hey. How was dinner?

Leonard: Swell. I need a drink. Do we have any alcohol?

Sheldon: No. But we have potatoes, I could make you vodka. It’ll take two weeks.

Penny: Leonard, are you okay?

Leonard: Um, I’m not sure.

Howard: What’s going on?

Leonard: Well, Mrs. Latham said she was seriously considering donating money so we could get a cryogenic centrifugal pump.

Sheldon: Oh, wow!

Howard: Yes!

Leonard: Then she stuck her tongue down my throat.

Sheldon: Why?

Penny: Okay, we can’t keep explaining everything. Read that book we got you.

Leonard: She hit on me.

Howard: Wait-wait-wait. Are you telling us that old lady wanted to have sex with you in exchange for giving your department millions of dollars?

Leonard: I think so.

Howard: You lucky duck.

Penny: You’re really a broken toy, aren’t you?

Leonard: I was able to get out of there before anything else happened, but she wants to see me again tomorrow night.

Sheldon: Excellent! What are you planning to wear?

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: Penny, you’re an expert on trading sexual favours for material gain, walk him through this.

Leonard: Well, n-no, hold on a second, I’m not going to sleep with her.

Sheldon: But we need a cryogenic centrifugal pump.

Leonard: Well, forget it! It’s not gonna happen.

Sheldon: Well, come now, Leonard, this may be your only chance to make a real contribution to science!

Leonard: I repeat, not gonna happen.

Penny: What was all that about me trading sexual favours for material gain?

Sheldon: It was a compliment. I believe in giving credit where credit is due.

Scene: The apartment, the following night.

Sheldon (on phone): Okay, fine. I’ll tell him. Leonard, Mrs. Latham’s car is here for you.

Leonard: I won’t be too late. I’m just gonna make a final pitch for the funding and then say good night.

Sheldon: Hold on, I have something for you.

Leonard: What’s this?

Sheldon: Just a few things you may need tonight. There’s, uh, baby oil, condoms and, uh, a little something I procured from the school of pharmacology. They say it is to Viagra as Viagra is to a green M&M.

Leonard: I am not going to have sex with her.

Sheldon: Maybe this will overcome your reluctance. I went on the Internet and found a photograph of a 25-year-old Mrs. Latham to get your libido humming. Check out those saddle shoes. Rar!

Leonard: Are you insane? I’m not going to prostitute myself just so we can get some new equipment.

Sheldon: Oh, come on! Why not?

Leonard: Good night, Sheldon.

Sheldon: Given how much time you spend engaging in pointless self-abuse, you might consider, just this once, using your genitalia to actually accomplish something!

Penny: He still won’t shag the old lady, huh?

Sheldon: No. But thank you for asking.

Scene: Mrs Latham’s car.

Leonard: Hey. Hi.

Mrs Latham: Hello, Leonard. I hope you’re hungry.

Leonard: I’m very hungry. For food, right?

Mrs Latham: Oh, I made you uncomfortable last night. I’m so sorry.

Leonard: No, that’s okay.

Mrs Latham: No, it most certainly is not. Leonard, I’m making the donation to your department regardless of what happens between us.

Leonard: Really?

Mrs Latham: Well, of course. There’s no quid pro quo here. You and your colleagues are doing remarkable research, and you deserve the money.

Leonard: Oh. Then what was last night about?

Mrs Latham: I took a shot, sue me.

Leonard: Oh.

Mrs Latham: You’re a very handsome man, Leonard.

Leonard: Thank you.

Mrs Latham: It was foolish of me to think someone your age might ever be interested in someone like me.

Leonard: Oh, don’t say that. You’re a very attractive woman.

Mrs Latham: Oh, please.

Leonard: No, it’s true.

Mrs Latham: Well, aren’t you sweet. Just for the record, you’d remember a night with me for the rest of your life.

Leonard: I’m sure I would. But why, why, exactly?

Mrs Latham: You’re a very smart man. How do you think I landed such a rich husband?

Leonard: I hadn’t really given it much thought.

Mrs Latham: Well, think about it.

Leonard: Do you mean?

Mrs Latham: Yep. I’m that good.

Leonard: Oh, what the hell.

Scene: The stairwell. Leonard is returning home looking dishevelled.

Penny: Good morning, slut.

Leonard: What?

Penny: Oh, please, I recognize the walk of shame when I see it. All you’re missing is a little smeared mascara and a purse with panties wadded up in it.

Sheldon: What’s going on?

Leonard: Oh, nothing’s going on. Excuse me.

Sheldon: Are you just getting home?

Leonard: Yeah.

Sheldon: That’s a good sign, right?

Penny: Oh, yeah.

Sheldon: I’m so proud of you! You sold yourself out like a common streetwalker!

Leonard: No, I didn’t do it for the money.

Sheldon: She stiffed you?

Penny: I believe that’s what your roommate did to her.

Sheldon: What?

Penny: Again, read the book we gave you.

Leonard: No, I mean, I, I, I got the money first.

Sheldon: Smart. Get paid up front. Yeah, I think you have a real knack for gigolo work, Leonard.

Leonard: Uh, I’m gonna go lie down.

Sheldon: That’s a good idea, get your rest. There are a lot more rich old ladies out there, and Daddy needs a new linear accelerator. And I thought he didn’t learn anything from his relationship with you.

Penny: Hey!

Sheldon: Another compliment! Learn to recognize them.

Scene: The cafeteria.

Seibert: Ah, there he is! The man of the hour! He took one for the team!

Leonard: I didn’t do it for the money!

Seibert: Keep telling yourself that, it makes it easier. Trust me, I know.

Raj: Cool, buddy! That’s awesome!

Howard: How was she?


































































Series 4 Episode 16 – The Cohabitation Formulation
Episode begins with a “Previously on” sequence before first scene.

Scene: Bernadette’s bedroom.

Howard: What’s so funny?

Bernadette: Nothing. Just thinking about the noises people make during sex.

Howard: I do sometimes get a bit carried away, don’t I?

Bernadette: It’s cute. You sound a little like a drunken monkey. Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh!

Howard: You know it’s meant as a compliment.

Bernadette: That’s how I take it.

Howard: This is perfect. I hope this moment never ends.

Bernadette: Me too.

Howard: Well, gotta go.

Bernadette: Oh! Already? Why don’t you stay over?

Howard: Well, I’d love to, but you know my mother needs me in the morning.

Bernadette: Please, I think the woman can manage to put a wig on by herself.

Howard: It’s not just the wig. It’s pinning her hair up, drawing on her eyebrows. It’s a two-person job.

Bernadette: It’s just, when you leave right after we make love, it makes me feel cheap.

Howard: Oh, honey, I’m sorry. What can I do?

Bernadette: Stay.

Howard: Okay. Like, what, another five, ten minutes?

Bernadette: Go home.

Howard: Your call.

Bernadette: Howard, have you ever considered us living together?

Howard: Boy, I don’t know. You, me, Ma living under the same roof?

Bernadette: No, I mean just you and me. You can move in here, or we can find a place.

Howard: I’ve got a better solution.

Bernadette: What?

Howard: We wait for my mom’s heart to explode from all the salt she eats. Then we just stick her in the ground, flip her mattress and move into the big bedroom.

Bernadette: Great.

Howard: Look at us planning a future together.

Scene: Outside Howard’s house.

Mrs Wolowitz (voice): Who’s there? Are you a sex criminal?

Howard: Sex criminals don’t have keys, Ma.

Mrs Wolowitz: Where were you so late?

Howard: I was out with Bernadette.

Mrs Wolowitz: I know what that means, I watch Dr. Phil. I hope to God you used a condom!

Howard: I’m not having this conversation with you, Ma!

Mrs Wolowitz: God forbid you get one of those new fancy sex diseases!

Howard: Nobody has a disease!

Mrs Wolowitz: I hope not. I share a toilet with you. Is that what you want? To give your mother herpes?

Howard: That’s it. I don’t have to take this. Good luck with your eyebrows in the morning!

Mrs Wolowitz: Who’s there? Are you a sex criminal?

Howard: I’m still leaving! I just forgot my Claritin.

Credits sequence.


Scene: The apartment.

Leonard: Hey, what’s up?

Howard: I need a place to crash.

Leonard: Uh, sure. Why?

Howard: Big fight with my mother.

Leonard: Still arguing over which CSI is the best?

Howard: No, we agreed they all have their merits. This was about Bernadette.

Sheldon: What’s going on?

Leonard: Howard’s gonna sleep here tonight. He had a fight with his mother.

Sheldon: Did you offer him a hot beverage?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: Leonard, social protocol states when a friend is upset, you offer them a hot beverage, such as tea.

Howard: Tea does sound nice.

Sheldon: You heard the man, Leonard. And while you’re at it, I’m upset that we have an unannounced houseguest, so make me cocoa. Point of inquiry, given that Leonard is your secondary friend and Koothrappali is your primary friend, why didn’t you seek refuge under his roof?

Howard: There’s no room. His sister is staying with him.

Leonard: Wait, wait. What?

Sheldon: Cocoa, Leonard. Focus. I’m down in the dumps here.

Leonard: Priya’s in town?

Howard: Yeah, some work thing. Anyway, my mother seems to think that Bernadette…

Leonard: Hold on. When did Priya get here?

Howard: I don’t know. A couple of days ago. The thing is, Bernadette doesn’t like that I have to take care of my mother, and my mother doesn’t trust Bernadette.

Leonard: Yeah, that’s a real pickle. Bye.

Sheldon: Don’t worry. As your tertiary friend, I am prepared to step in and comfort you.

Howard: That’s not really necessary.

Sheldon: No, no. I’ll finish making the tea, while you narcissistically ramble on about whatever’s troubling you.

Howard: Thanks.

Sheldon: That’s what tertiary friends are for.

Scene: Raj’s Apartment. Leonard knocks on the door. 

Raj (inside): Who is it?

Leonard: It’s Leonard.

Raj: You can’t come in.

Leonard: I just want to talk to her.

Raj: I forbid it.

Priya: Open the door, Rajesh.

Raj: You heard me. I forbidded it.

Priya: Forbidded it?

Raj: Forbaded it?

Priya: Get out of the way. What are you doing here?

Leonard: What are you doing here?

Priya: I have business in Los Angeles.

Leonard: Why didn’t you call?

Raj: Clearly, she was sending you a message to take a hike, Mike.

Priya: I’m sorry. I thought about calling, but I just wasn’t sure if seeing you was such a good idea.

Leonard: I know. Last time I came on too strong. Can we talk in private?

Raj: No!

Priya: Sure.

Raj: It’s completely inappropriate for a single woman to entertain a man in private. If you insist on talking, you must do it on the couch! All right, you may talk in the bedroom, but I want this door to remain open! All right, just this once you may close the door. But keep in mind I’ll be right out here monitoring the situation! (Dials phone) Oh, damn it. Leonard, when you get this message, call me. (Dials again) Priya, this is your brother. When you get this, tell Leonard to check his voicemail.

Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.

Sheldon: Would you be sleeping over again this evening? Because you’re welcome to.

Howard: That’s very nice of you, but I made other plans.

Sheldon: Well, just keep in mind that should you ever need a slightly apathetic tertiary friend, I stand at the ready.

Priya: Hi, Howard. Hi, Sheldon.

Howard: Hey.

Sheldon: Hello.

Raj: Why are you holding hands? I forbid you to hold hands.

Priya: Rajesh, you know Leonard and I spent the night together.

Raj: Yeah, but you were just sleeping, because I forboded you to have sex.

Leonard: The word is forbade.

Raj: Are you sure? That doesn’t sound right.

Priya: Listen, Rajesh, Leonard and I have decided to see each other again, and you don’t get to tell me who I can and can’t have a relationship with.

Sheldon: Actually, he can. The Hindu Code of Manu is very clear in these matters. If a woman’s father is not around, the duty of controlling her base desires falls to the closest male member of her family, in this case, Raj. The code also states that if she disobeys, she will be reborn in the womb of a jackal and tormented by diseases. If true, that seems like an awfully large gamble given that the prize is Leonard.

Raj: There it is, Priya. We’re Indian. We believe this stuff.

Priya: I think it also says that if you eat beef, you need to live with cows for three months and drink their urine.

Raj: Some of it makes sense, some of it’s crazy. My point is, you can’t go out with Leonard.

Penny (arriving): Who can’t go out with Leonard?

Raj: My sister.

Leonard: Penny, this is Raj’s sister, Priya.

Priya: It’s very nice to meet you.

Penny: Oh, yeah, you, too.

Sheldon: Priya, if you’re experiencing any tension or awkwardness, it may stem from the fact that Leonard and Penny used to, if I may quote Howard, do the dance with no pants.

Penny: Sheldon!

Leonard: Really?

Howard: Hey, Bernadette, can I talk to you for a second?

Bernadette: Sure.

Raj: Penny, you became disenchanted with Leonard as a lover. Would you please tell my sister why?

Howard: Listen, my mom’s going to Palm Springs to visit her sister. That’s two whole nights in a row I can sleep over with you all the way to morning. Unless the desert air dries out her sinuses, in which case I’ll have to schlep out there with the big humidifier.

Bernadette: That’s it? That’s your big solution to all of our problems? If your mom’s nose holds up, we get two nights together?

Howard: Isn’t that great?

Bernadette: No, it’s not great. You need to make a choice. Me or your mother.

Howard: Oh, uh…

Bernadette: Wrong answer.

Howard: No, wait. You didn’t let me finish.

Bernadette: I’m listening.

Howard: Uh…

Bernadette: Agh!

Scene: Penny’s apartment. (groans)

Amy: I came as quickly as I could.

Penny: Okay. Why?

Amy: To comfort you, of course. Sheldon told me about Leonard dating Rajesh’s sister. So I high-tailed it over here to pick up the pieces of your broken heart.

Penny: Amy, I’m fine.

Amy: You don’t have to be strong for me. Now let’s talk about Priya, that man-stealing bitch.

Penny: What?

Amy: In situations like this, best girlfriends are often catty about the other woman. Rawr.

Penny: Really, I am not upset about Leonard and Priya.

Amy: Oh. Then perhaps you don’t understand what’s going on. Your former boyfriend has replaced you with what appears to be a very suitable mate. Arguably much more suitable than you.

Penny: Oh. Well, good for him. Hey, what do you mean, more suitable?

Amy: Well, granted, Penny, your secondary sexual characteristics are reasonably bodacious. But Priya is highly educated, she’s an accomplished professional, and she comes from the culture that literally wrote the book on neat ways to have sex. Whereas you, on the other hand, are a community college dropout who comes from the culture that wrote the book on tipping cows.

Penny: Yeah. Okay, I got it. I got it. So, what is all that stuff?

Amy: This is a portable electroencephalogram. I’m doing research on emotions and brain activity. So when you start crying, I can see which region of the brain is activated. Then I’m going to stimulate the analogous area in the brain of a rhesus monkey and see if he cries. Cool, huh?

Scene: Bernadette’s apartment. Howard knocks on door.

Howard: I choose you.

Bernadette: Really?

Howard: Yep. I moved out of my mother’s house. Cord is cut. I’m all yours.

Bernadette: What did she say when you told her?

Howard: I don’t know. She hasn’t responded to my email yet.

Bernadette: This is so great. I love you, Howard.

Howard: I love you, too. So what’s for dinner?

Bernadette: Well, I don’t really have much of anything in the house.

Howard: That’s fine. Why don’t we go fool around in our bedroom? And then you can go shopping.

Scene: The apartment. 

Leonard: I thought maybe after we eat, we could see an early movie.

Priya: I’d love that.

Leonard: I love the way you say, I’d love that.

Raj: She says it the same way I do. I’d love that. Everybody in India says it that way. It’s not a big deal.

Priya: Rajesh, don’t be a child.

Raj: I’m not being a child. Leonard, I swear to God, if your sister ever comes to town, I shall have my way with her.

Leonard: My sister’s 38 and married.

Raj: All the more shame that will fall upon the house of Hofstadter.

Penny: Ooh, I thought I smelled pizza.

Sheldon: That’s remarkable. If pepperoni were an explosive substance, you could replace German shepherds at our nation’s airports.

Priya: Hi. Penny, right?

Penny: Oh, yes. Hi, hi. I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had company. I don’t want to impose.

Sheldon: No, no. It’s not an imposition. At this point, in our ecosystem, you are akin to the plover, a small scavenging bird that eats extra food from between the teeth of crocodiles. Please, fly into our open maw, and have at it.

Penny: If I had more than a box of baking soda in my refrigerator, I wouldn’t have to take that.

Amy: Hi, bestie.

Penny: Hi. So, um, Priya, you’re a lawyer, right?

Priya: I know. Pretty boring, huh?

Leonard: Oh, come on. It’s not boring at all. She’s currently helping set up a secondary derivative market which would allow overseas car firms to hedge their investments against potential advancements in battery technology. Hmm?

Priya: Thank you, Leonard. That doesn’t make it sound boring at all.

Amy: So, how you holding up?

Penny: I’m fine.

Amy: Oh, who are you kidding? She’s breathtaking.

Priya: So, Penny, Leonard tells me you’re an actress. That must be pretty exciting.

Penny: Oh, yeah, yeah. It’s real great. Today I drove to Van Nuys for an audition I thought was going to be for a cat food commercial. Turned out to be porn.

Sheldon: Did you get the part?

Penny: I didn’t do the audition.

Sheldon: Given the state of your career, can you really afford to be picky?

Priya: I took acting classes when I was at Cambridge. I loved it. We did Taming of the Shrew.

Leonard: Oh, wow. I love Taming of the Shrew. I did a paper on it in high school. Who knows not where a wasp does wear his sting? In his tail.

Priya: In his tongue.

Leonard: Whose tongue?

Priya: Yours, if you talk of tails, and so farewell.

Leonard: What, with my tongue in your tail?

Amy: I’m regretting my earlier cattiness. She is an absolute delight.

Scene: Bernadette’s bedroom. 

Bernadette: Wow.

Howard: Wow, indeed.

Bernadette: I can’t believe we’re finally living together.

Howard: Yeah. You know what would make this moment perfect?

Bernadette: What?

Howard: A little snack. You got any string cheese?

Bernadette: No. I, I might have some cheddar.

Howard: Not as good. You can’t make strings with it. Remind me to put it on your shopping list.

Bernadette: Okay.

Howard: You have hypo-allergenic detergent?

Bernadette: No.

Howard: Better put it on the list. If you wash my underwear with regular soap, I get little red bumps on my tuchus.

Bernadette: Wait a second. I’m doing your laundry?

Howard: Well, honey, it’s not gonna do itself. Oh, before I forget, tomorrow morning, you’re driving me to the dentist.

Bernadette: I have to take you?

Howard: You don’t have to take me. You get to take me.

Bernadette: Wait a minute. Are you telling me your mother usually takes you to the dentist?

Howard: It’s not weird. There’s lots of kids there with their moms.

Bernadette: I can’t believe this.

Howard: What? It’s fun. If I have no cavities, afterwards, we go out for a treat.

Bernadette: All right, Howard, let’s get something straight right now. I’m not going to be your mother.

Howard: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Where did that come from?

Scene: Howard’s house. 


Mrs Wolowitz (off): Who’s that? Is it a sex criminal?

Howard: Nobody wants to do that to you, Ma.

Mrs Wolowitz: Where were you?

Howard: Didn’t you read my email?

Mrs Wolowitz: You know I can’t turn on that ferkakta computer. I left you some brisket on the kitchen counter.

Howard: Thank you.

Mrs Wolowitz: Remember to floss after. We have the dentist in the morning!

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 


Penny: Oh, hey. What’s up?

Amy: I just wanted to check in on you.

Penny: Why?

Amy: It seems like the appropriate thing to do when one’s best friend finds herself replaced by a smart, beautiful woman with the smouldering sexuality of a crouched Bengal tiger.

Penny: I already told you, I’m okay with it. I mean, if anything, I’m quite pleased (starting to blub) that Leonard has found someone (starting to blub) that makes him so happy.

Amy: It’s okay, it’s okay.

Penny: Thank you.

Amy: Now, let’s get these electrodes attached and see what’s going on in that pretty little noggin of yours.

Penny: Okay.

Scene: The apartment. 

Penny: I smell Chinese food.

Sheldon: It’s actually Thai. You’re slipping.

Penny: Are Leonard and Priya here?

Sheldon: They went to Catalina for the weekend.

Penny: Oh. Where’s Raj?

Sheldon: At home, forbidding it.

Penny: How about Howard?

Sheldon: I’m given to understand his mother grounded him for running away.

Penny: Oh, okay. Well, I guess it’s just the two of us, huh?

Sheldon: Actually, it’s the three of us.

Amy (on webcam): What up, bestie? Good news. Thanks to you, I was able to make a rhesus monkey cry like a disgraced televangelist.

Penny: Great.

Amy: So, you feeling better?

Penny: Not really.

Amy: Sheldon, you have a guest who’s upset.

Sheldon: Right. I’ll make tea.

Penny: Oh, sweetie, it’s okay. I don’t want tea.

Sheldon: I’m sorry. It’s not optional.


Series 4 Episode 17 – The Toast Derivation
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is on the phone.

Sheldon: Buona sera, Luigi’s Pizza. Buona sera. It means good evening in Italian. May I say, having to explain that to you calls into question the authenticity of your ristorante?

Leonard: Okay, I’m out of here.

Sheldon: Un momento. Oh, for heaven’s sake, now you’re being deliberately stupid. (to Leonard) Where are you going?

Leonard: I’m having dinner with Priya at Raj’s. I think Howard’s going to be there. You want to join us?

Sheldon: But tonight’s Thursday. On Thursdays, everybody comes over here and has pizza. Or a reasonable facsimile prepared by someone claiming to be Luigi, but who sounds suspiciously like Jackie Chan.

Leonard: Can’t we make a one-time exception for tonight?

Sheldon: We could. We could also stop using the letter M, but I think that idea is isguided and oronic.

Leonard: Just come with me to Raj’s.

Sheldon: Well, I don’t want to go to a party.

Leonard: It’s not a party. It’s the same group of people who hang out here, hanging out over there.

Sheldon: I’m sorry, but five people eating and chatting is a party.

Leonard: How come it’s not a party when we do it here?

Sheldon: Because we don’t throw parties.

Leonard: I don’t know what to tell you, Sheldon. I’m going to see Priya. Everyone’s over there. You coming or not?

Sheldon: Well, no, sir, and do you know why? In a word, tradition. Every Thursday night for the last eight years, you and I and our friends have gathered here in this very spot to break bread covered with cheese and sauce, discuss the issues of the day, and yes, share a laugh or two. But I guess our rich heritage means nothing to you.

Leonard: I guess you’re right. See you later.

Sheldon: Wait! Leonard! Wait! What am I going to do for dinner?

Leonard: Come with me to Raj’s and eat there.

Sheldon: I can’t do that. What if he serves haggis and blood pudding?

Leonard: I really doubt that’s what he’ll serve.

Sheldon: But what if he does? I’ll be obliged to dine on liver and lungs stuffed in a sheep’s stomach. And frankly, blood pudding is essentially the same thing. I don’t know why he’s serving both.

Leonard: What do you want to do? You want to come with me, or do you want to sit here alone?

Sheldon: No, I’ll go to your haggis party. But I’m telling you, this is adness. This is utter and coplete adness.

Credits sequence. 

Sheldon: Oh, dear!

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: Raj’s television. I just realized we’re about to spend an evening watching a plasma screen with a cluster of dead pixels in the upper left-hand corner.

Leonard: So don’t watch TV. Read a book.

Sheldon: And be a social pariah? Oh, you know that’s not my style.

Leonard: Ugh!

Sheldon: The audible sigh is a show of exasperation, right?

Leonard: Right.

Sheldon: Is it about me or the dead pixels?

Raj: Hey, you’re just in time. We made Tex-Mex.

Leonard: Oh, sounds great.

Sheldon: Oh, Indians making Tex-Mex. Might as well have had the Chinese pizza.

Priya: Hey, you.

Leonard: Hi.

Howard: That’s got to be fun for you, huh? Watching Hofstadter suck the saliva out of your sister’s mouth?

Sheldon: Excuse me. Before this evening goes any further, we need to decide where everyone is going to sit.

Priya: There is no assigned seats, Sheldon. Just sit anywhere. Make yourself comfortable.

Sheldon: Oh, what fun. We’re like hippies at a love-in.

Leonard: Just sit here.

Sheldon: Yeah, right on, man. Right on. Oh, look, it’s Harry Potter and 98% of The Sorcerer’s Stone.

Raj: Okay, we’ve got fajitas with all the fixins, so you make your own.

Sheldon: Wonderful. Dinner, some assembly required.

Priya: Do you want a margarita, Sheldon?

Sheldon: A margarita? Where are we? What is happening?

Scene: The bar of the Cheesecake Factory

Penny: Oh. Hey, Sheldon. What can I get ya?

Sheldon: Water. Neat. With a little umbrella.

Penny: Where are all your friends?

Sheldon: Sadly, Penny, this evening, I am the Dark Knight, roaming these mean streets alone. A windbreaker for my cape, and a stern expression for my cowl.

Penny: Okay.

Sheldon: Excuse me? Isn’t this the point where the world-weary barkeep absentmindedly wipes down the bar and coaxes the woes out of the troubled patron?

Penny: Well, I was getting your stupid umbrella, but all right. What’s troubling you, buddy?

Sheldon: I don’t think your heart’s in it, but since you asked. Apparently, because Leonard is dating Raj’s sister, we’re all forced to hang out at his apartment.

Penny: Oh, the horror.

Sheldon: Indeed. Yeah, at one point, Raj put on reggae music, and his sister took off her shoes. It was like the last days of Caligula. (Phone rings) Oh, I have to get this. Umbrella?

Penny: Ugh!

Sheldon: Wonder what she’s exasperated about. Hello?

Amy (on phone): Sheldon, are you all right? When last we spoke, you were going to take a taxi home from Raj’s, but according to Facebook, you just checked in at the Cheesecake Factory.

Sheldon: Yes, I was in a taxi, but the driver didn’t look at all like the photograph on his license, so I leapt out and ran for it.

Amy: Wise.

Penny: There you go. Just like recovering alcoholics drink in the Caribbean.

Amy: Hi, bestie.

Penny: Oh. Hi, Amy. How you been?

Amy: Fine. From this angle, I can see up your nose.

Penny: Yeah, it’s a great time to be alive, isn’t it?

Sheldon: Don’t worry. My problems can wait while you two hens finish your clucking.

Penny: Look, Sheldon, Leonard is dating Priya. She is staying with Raj. That means you’re all probably gonna be hanging out there more.

Amy: Penny, I’m sorry you got dragged into this. I know you’re devastated that your ex-boyfriend has found an exciting new lover with flawless, caramel-coloured skin.

Penny: Okay, I’m not upset about Leonard and Priya.

Amy: Your flaring nostrils indicate otherwise.

Sheldon: Cluck-cluck-cluck.

Amy: Sheldon, look at me. I think it’s time to face the fact that Leonard is the nucleus of your social group. Where he goes, the group goes.

Sheldon: Leonard the nucleus? That makes no sense. I’m the whimsical elf that everyone looks to for a good time.

Amy: I’m not saying that you’re not fun. You’re the most fun person I know.

Penny: A lot of people think I’m fun to be around.

Amy: Don’t be needy, bestie. That’s probably part of what chased Leonard away. What I am saying, Sheldon, is that your group is Leonard-centric. If it were a town, it would be Leonardville. If it were an Islamic nation, Leonardstan. If it were the birthplace of motion pictures, we’d all be singing Hooray for Leonardwood.

Penny: Ooh, I got one. If you guys were a band, you’d be called Leonard and the Leonards.

Amy: So needy.

Scene: The apartment. 

Leonard: What you doing?

Sheldon: I’m setting out snacks.

Leonard: You do realize everyone’s eating at Raj’s again tonight?

Sheldon: I didn’t say the snacks were for you now, did I, Nosy Rosie?

Leonard: You’re having people over?

Sheldon: Yes. Must be killing you wondering who. Fine, I’ll tell you. Stuart from the comic bookstore, Barry Kripke from the university, Penny’s ex-boyfriend Zack and TV’s LeVar Burton.

Leonard: Really? LeVar Burton’s coming here?

Sheldon: Possibly. I Tweeted him.

Leonard: Okay, well, tell him I loved him on Star Trek.

Sheldon: Please, Leonard, stop trying to horn in on my new friends.

Leonard: Of course. Good night.

Sheldon: Leonard.

Leonard: Yeah?

Sheldon: We had a good run, you and I.

Leonard: Okay.

Sheldon: But change is a part of life.

Leonard: It certainly is.

Sheldon: Okay. I have guests coming. I’m afraid I’m going to have to ask you to leave now.

Leonard: I am leaving.

Sheldon: Don’t make this harder than it is, Leonard.

Leonard: Good-bye, Sheldon.

Sheldon: And good-bye to you, sir. He’ll be back.

Leonard: Of course I’ll be back. I live here!

Scene: The apartment, later. 

Sheldon: Well, it would appear LeVar Burton won’t be joining us so let’s get started. Um, I thought we’d begin by going around the room, introducing ourselves and saying a little bit about why we’re here. Okay. I’m Sheldon. Uh, for regular readers of The New England Journal of High Energy Physics, I need no introduction. If you’re not familiar with that publication, there’s a free copy in your goody bag. Stuart?

Stuart: Um. Hi. I’m Stuart. I run a comic bookstore, which for financial reasons, I’m currently living in. And I guess what I’m hoping for most out of tonight is a hot shower.

Sheldon: That’s very nice, Stuart. Zack?

Zack: I’m Zack, and I’m, uh… uh… could you come back to me?

Sheldon: Of course. Barry?

Barry: I’m Barry Kwipke, and I’m here because you told me there was going to be a whaffle. When is the whaffle?

Sheldon: Patience, patience, Barry. The whaffle… the raffle is the grand finale to an evening-long festival of fun and folly.

Barry: One more question…

Sheldon: Yes, you must be present to win.

Zack: Okay, I’m ready. I’m Zack, and I’m, uh… oh, crap, why is this so hard?

Scene: Penny’s apartment.

Penny: Oh, hey.

Bernadette: Hi.

Amy: Yo, P-dog.

Penny: What’s up?

Bernadette: We’re here to kidnap you for a girls’ night out.

Amy: Parenthetical, the term kidnap is being used playfully.

Penny: I kind of figured that.

Amy: Good. Now put this pillowcase over your head.

Penny: No.

Amy: She used to be much more fun, until Leonard punched her in the heart.

Bernadette: We just thought you might want to go out and have a good time, maybe go dancing.

Penny: Oh. Gee, thanks, but I’m not really in the mood.

Amy: You do understand that it will distract you from obsessing over the rich variety of sweet loving that your ex-boyfriend is currently receiving from the fiery jewel of Mumbai.

Penny: Okay, look, if I agree to go out with you guys, will you promise to stop pestering me about Leonard and Priya?

Amy: Yes.

Bernadette: Sure.

Penny: All right. I’ll go change. Come on in.

Amy: If you’d have let me bring the chloroform, we wouldn’t have had to put up with all this jibber-jabber.

Scene: The apartment. 

Zack: Anyway, after we get done snowboarding, I go back to the lodge and get in the Jacuzzi. There’s no one around, so naturally, I’m free-balling it. Next thing I know, this beautiful chick shows up, drunk out of her skull, wants to get in with me.

Sheldon: Question. Was it a Jacuzzi or a hot tub?

Barry: Weally? That’s your question?

Zack: What’s the difference?

Sheldon: Jacuzzi is a commercial brand. Hot tub is the generic term, i.e., all Jacuzzis are hot tubs, but not all hot tubs are Jacuzzis.

Zack: Is that like all thumbs are fingers, but not all fingers are thumbs?

Sheldon: Surprisingly, yes.

Zack: Nice. Now, what exactly are toes?

Stuart: Can you please get back to the drunk girl? I’d like something to think about in the shower.

Zack: Oh, yeah. Right. Anyway, she takes off all of her clothes, climbs into the hot tub, and the first thing I notice…

Sheldon: The water level rose.

Zack: No.

Sheldon: Of course it did. It’s said that Archimedes, the ancient Greek mathematician, discovered the principle of displacement while taking a bath.

Barry: Tewwific. Go ahead, Zack. Naked dwunk girl, fwee-balling, continue.

Sheldon: Forgive me, but I think you’ll find my story is more interesting.

Barry: Does yours have wet bweasts in it?

Sheldon: Better. It has a gold crown. You see, the king wondered how much gold was in it and charged Archimedes with coming up with the solution. Because the crown was irregularly shaped, there was no way to mathematically determine its volume. But, while bathing, Archimedes realized he could immerse the crown and measure the amount the water rose.

Zack: So, long story short, I nailed her.

Sheldon: When he finished, he shouted Eureka!

Zack: No, I always shout, Holy Moly! Don’t know why. Just do.

Sheldon: All right, that concludes the getting to know you portion of the evening. Who’s ready to play some vintage video games? And tonight’s selections include ColecoVision’s Smurf Rescue in Gargamel’s Castle, Atari’s Cookie Monster Munch, and for you text adventure aficionados, Zork. Pick me, pick me. I’m fun.

Barry: That all sucks the big haiwy meatball. How about I go get the kawaoke machine out of my car, get plastered and blow the woof off this place?

Zack: Great, I’ll make a beer run.

Stuart: And I’ll take a shower. We’ll meet back here in fifteen.

Barry: Check.

Sheldon: I’m unhappy.

Scene: Raj’s apartment. 

Leonard: This is delicious. Where’d you learn to make chili?

Priya: When I was at university in England, my flatmate was from Texas.

Leonard: I hope she wasn’t anything like my flatmate from Texas.

Priya: Sheldon is a bit quirky, isn’t he?

Howard: Oh, please. That crazy bastard’s looking at quirky in the rearview mirror.

Leonard: Did you know that, per our roommate agreement, I have to wash my feet before I get in the shower? And not in the sink. We each have special buckets.

Howard: Raj, did you ever tell your sister about the time Sheldon got punched by Bill Gates?

Priya: Oh, God, you’re kidding.

Raj: Nope. Gates gave a speech at the university. Sheldon went up to him afterwards and said, maybe if you weren’t so distracted by sick children in Africa, you could have put a little more thought into Windows Vista.”

Leonard: Bam. Right in the nose. Made me proud to own a PC.

Raj: I’d like to propose a toast to a rare and wonderful Sheldon-free evening.

Leonard: Hear, hear.

Howard: Cheers. You realize that’s the first time we’ve ever done that without having to listen to Sheldon tell us why it’s called a toast?

Priya: Why is it called a toast?

Leonard: Oh, the ancient Romans put spiced toast in their punch bowls.

Raj: Sheldon tells it better.

Leonard: He kind of does.

Howard: Yeah.

Leonard: Aw, hell, I miss him.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Penny: So, where do you guys want to go dancing?

Bernadette: We were hoping you’d know a place.

Amy: Yes, perhaps somewhere packed tightly with young, beautiful bodies sweating and writhing against each other in a glorious orgy of the flesh.

Penny: Oh, yeah, I know that place. What do you think?

Amy: That should display enough of your bosom to attract a new mate, or a hungry infant.

Penny: Okay, let’s go through this one more time. Just because Leonard has a new girlfriend does not mean I need to go out and hook up with some guy.

Bernadette: But you could if you wanted to, right?

Penny: Well, yeah, I guess.

Bernadette: Pick out the hottest guy in the room, take him home, do unspeakable things to him, then kick him to the curb with a smile on his face and teeth marks on his heinie?

Penny: More or less.

Amy: What’s that like?

Penny: I don’t know. It’s fun while you’re doing it. And then after, it’s mostly embarrassment, self-loathing and regret.

Bernadette: I would take that deal all day long.

Penny: Yeah, well, it’s not gonna happen tonight. You know, for the first time in my life, I am not in a relationship, and I’m totally okay with it.

Amy: You know, if being on your own is new to you, I’d be happy to share some tension-relieving techniques for ladies I’ve perfected over the years. For example, do you have an electric toothbrush?

Penny: Um, no.

Amy: You should get one.

Bernadette: What’s that?

Amy: It appears to be something preserved between two pieces of acrylic.

Penny: Oh, it’s a snowflake from the North Pole. Leonard gave it to me last year.

Bernadette: Oh, God, that is so romantic.

Penny: Yeah, it was.

Bernadette: Leonard’s really one of a kind.

Amy: Saying that while holding a snowflake is a little bit heavy-handed, don’t you think?

Penny: Let me see that. Oh, screw it. I can deal with a little self-loathing. Let’s go find me a heinie to bite.

Amy: Outstanding. And if we fail, we can always stop at CVS and pick you out a nice toothbrush. I call mine Gerard.

Bernadette: That’s kind of creepy.

Scene: The apartment. Barry and Zack are singing “Don’t Go Breaking My Heart”


Stuart: Anybody do Walking on Sunshine yet?

Sheldon: No.

Stuart: Dibs.

Scene: Raj’s apartment. 

Priya: I’m sorry, Sheldon bought a loom and learned how to weave?

Leonard: He actually got pretty good. He made us all matching serapes.

Raj: I still wear mine when there’s a nip in the air.

Priya: Now, was this before or after he adopted the 25 cats?

Leonard: Long before the cats. I think it was around the time he tried to declare our apartment a sovereign nation. I still have some of the currency.

Sheldon (outside): (Knock, knock, knock) All my friends. (Knock, knock, knock) All my friends. (Knock, knock, knock) All my friends.

Howard: I think it’s like Beetlejuice. We said his name too many times.

Raj: Come on in.

Sheldon: Thank you.

Leonard: Hey. I thought you were with your new buddies.

Sheldon: I had to leave. They were having fun wrong.

Priya: Come here, Sheldon. Sit here with me.

Sheldon: Thank you.

Priya: Would you like some homemade chili?

Sheldon: Are there beans in it?

Priya: Yes.

Sheldon: Then it’s not chili. Real chili has no beans in it, but you’re from a foreign land, so your ignorance is forgiven.

Priya: Sheldon, do you want some or not?

Sheldon: Yes, please. Your girlfriend’s a little short-tempered.

Raj: I’d like to propose a toast to friends, no matter how quirky.

All: Cheers.

Sheldon: Priya, do you know why this is called a toast?

Priya: Actually, I do. I believe the Romans used to put spiced toast in their punch bowls.

Sheldon: She’s also a bit of a know-it-all. Mmm. This is good. Whatever it is.

Scene: The apartment. Stuart is singing “Walking on Sunshine”. Barry and Zack are doing backing vocals. 


LeVar Burton: Hello? I… Oh, I don’t think so. I am so done with Twitter.




























Series 4 Episode 18 – The Prestidigitation Approximation
Scene: Leonard’s bedroom

Priya: Morning.

Leonard: Morning.

Priya: Sleep okay?

Leonard: Mm-hmm. Great. Hey, can I ask you something?

Priya: Sure.

Leonard: Last night, me wanting to try that stuff out of the Kama Sutra, was that fun for you or kinda racially insensitive?

Priya: Yeah, just because you’re in bed with an Indian woman, you think that gives you permission to use crazy positions from an ancient Indian love manual?

Leonard: Hey, if you can find a book called weird sex with white boys, I’d be okay with that.

Priya: No, you have such beautiful eyes. Have you ever thought about getting contacts?

Leonard: I tried in the seventh grade. I could never get used to them.

Priya: Oh, that’s too bad.

Leonard: Yeah, if I had contacts I would have been the coolest debate club president ever to be stuffed into his own cello case.

Priya: If you had them on now, you could see what we’re going to do next.

Leonard: Th-th-th-that’s okay. I can infer from context.

Scene: The cafeteria.

Howard: Hey, Raj, wanna see a new magic trick I’ve been working on?

Sheldon: Howard, if I may interject here with a piece of friendly advice. Is working on magic tricks really how you want to spend your time? Granted, you’re just an engineer, but that doesn’t mean you might not someday build a geegaw or a thingamabob that may get you a thank you in someone else’s Nobel prize acceptance speech.

Raj: Is the trick making him disappear? Sure, let’s see it.

Howard: Here, shuffle these.

Raj: Okay.

Howard: Now spread them out on the table face down. Pick one, look at it.

Raj: Okay.

Howard: Now remember your card, put it back in the deck.

Sheldon: Is it any wonder he doesn’t have a doctorate?

Howard: Remind me, what’s your birthday?

Raj: October sixth.

Howard: Okay, October is the tenth month. So ten, one plus zero is one, plus six is seven. Turn over the seventh card.

Raj: How about that!

Howard: Is that your card?

Raj: Yes, it is. Very cool!

Sheldon: It’s not cool. It’s a childish trick designed to confuse and intrigue simpletons. How’d you do it?

Howard: A magician never reveals his secrets. But surely a future Nobel prize winner can figure it out.

Sheldon: Fine. Give me a second.

Howard: You ever notice when he thinks real hard, it smells like bacon?

(Leonard enters, bumps into random man)


Random man: Oh, hey!

Leonard: Sorry! Oop!

(Continues across room bumping into nearly everyone in the room and knocking many things over)

Leonard: Sorry! Pardon me! Oh, I’m so sorry! My fault! Check it out. I just got contacts.

Credits sequence. 


Scene: The apartment.


Penny: One, two, three, four, five. No way.

Howard: That’s your card, right?

Penny: Seven of clubs! That is amazing!

Sheldon: It’s not amazing. All magic tricks are merely a combination of manipulation and misdirection with the occasional dwarf in a box wiggling his feet.

Howard: Oh, really? So how did I do it?

Sheldon: Well, I don’t care how you did it. I have more important things to think about. Clearly, the cards are marked.

Howard: I thought you had more important things to think about.

Sheldon: I do. You just happen to have caught me on a break. Oh, let me see those cards.

Penny: Oh, big deal. Not knowing is part of the fun.

Sheldon: Not knowing is part of the fun. Was that the motto of your community college?

Leonard: Hey, guys, what do you think? Priya took me clothes shopping.

Penny: Hey, you look great. Good for you, Priya. I could never get that stupid hoodie off him when we were… well, you look great.

Leonard: Thank you.

Priya: Lets go hang everything up.

Leonard: Yeah, good. New contacts. I should have done this years ago.

Howard: So you finally getting used to them doing it on a daily basis?

Penny: I’m not going out with him. He can sleep with whoever he wants.

Howard: Yeah, I was talking to Raj.

Penny: Oopsy.

Sheldon: This deck is rigged in some fashion.

Howard: Fine. Get another deck and I’ll do the trick with that.

Sheldon: So you’re saying this is a regulation deck?

Howard: I’m saying believe in magic, you muggle.

Penny: You know, well, I’m happy Leonard’s found someone. Not that anybody asked.

Scene: Leonard’s bedroom

Priya: How many Star Trek uniforms do you have?

Leonard: Just two. Everyday and dress.

Priya: Uh-huh. Listen, we need to talk about something.

Leonard: Oh, my god, you’re breaking up with me! Why would you take me out shopping and then break up with me? That is so cruel.

Priya: Leonard, I’m not breaking up with you.

Leonard: Oh, okay. So, what’s up?

Priya: It’s a little weird, your ex-girlfriend hanging out here all the time.

Leonard: I know. I usually never see my ex-girlfriends, unless their hard drives crash.

Priya: I’m just saying, how would you feel if I was hanging out with my ex-boyfriend?

Leonard: Um, not great, I guess. But Penny and I are just friends.

Priya: I don’t care. This is a woman you have slept with. If you want her around, then I have to wonder if maybe you’re not ready to move on.

Leonard: No, no-no-no, I’m ready! I gave up the gift of sight for you. If that’s not moving on, what is?

Priya: You need to cut the cord with Penny.

Leonard: Oh. Okay.

Priya: You don’t sound very confident.

Leonard: No, no, I’m confident. It’s not like I’m unfamiliar with the get lost conversation. Although, this will be the first time I’ll be the one saying it.

Priya: Thank you. I appreciate it.

Leonard: Sure. Oh, god, you smell so good. Of course, that could just be my other senses getting stronger. Hypothetically, if I had access To a Lieutenant Uhura uniform, would you wear it?

Priya: Leonard, it is a source of great pain to me and my family that my brother has that outfit in his wardrobe. Can we not discuss it?

Leonard: I’m sorry. I’m, never mind.

Scene: The apartment

Howard: And was your card the jack of diamonds?

Penny: Oh, unbelievable! Know how he did it yet?

Sheldon: Um…

Penny: Aw, he has the same look my little nephew gets when he can’t figure out how I got his nose.

Howard: You know, I have some remedial magic tricks that might be more your speed. Like, ooh, look! The pencil’s rubber!

Penny: Hey, I think I know how you did the card trick.

Sheldon: Oh, oh, please, if I don’t know, you don’t know. That’s axiomatic.

Penny: Come here. (Whispers to Howard)

Howard: You’re right.

Penny: Not too bad for someone who doesn’t know what axiomatic means.

Scene: The laundry room.

Leonard: Oh, hi.

Penny: Hey, you. What happened with the contacts?

Leonard: One of them’s upstairs. The other one sort of slipped back into my skull.

Penny: Hey, is that one of the new shirts Priya got you?

Leonard: Yeah.

Penny: You don’t wanna wash that.

Leonard: No?

Penny: No, that’s silk. Seriously, what would you do without me?

Leonard: Yeah.

Penny: You know, I gotta tell you, I think you got a real winner with Priya.

Leonard: Yeah, me, too.

Penny: She seems really sweet. Believe me, you do not want to take that for granted. There are a lot of bitches out there.

Leonard: Yeah, bitches are the worst.

Penny: All right, well I’ll see you later.

Leonard: Uh, Penny, there’s something I have to tell you.

Penny: What?

Leonard: Okay, uh, how do I put this? Um, are you familiar with Darwin’s observation of the finches in the Galapagos Islands?

Penny: Did they make a movie about it?

Leonard: No.

Penny: Then no.

Leonard: All right, well, anyway, Darwin observed that when two groups of finches competed over the same food source, eventually one of them would evolve a different beak shape so they could feed on something else.

Penny: Okay.

Leonard: So what do you think we can learn from that behaviour that we can apply to our own lives?

Penny: Uh, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush?

Leonard: Sure, that has birds in it.

Penny: It’s fun talking to you, Leonard, I always learn stuff.

Leonard: I’m sorry, but I’m gonna count that.

Scene: Leonard’s bedroom

Priya: Do you really have to wear that in bed?

Leonard: Yeah. The doctor didn’t want me to rub my eye during the night. It was either this or one of those giant neck cones.

Priya: So did you get to talk to Penny?

Leonard: Oh, yes. Indeed, I did.

Priya: And?

Leonard: She completely understood everything I said. Case closed.

Priya: Was she upset?

Leonard: Maybe, but that’s not my problem. She’s not my girlfriend, you are.

Priya: I hope you weren’t cruel to her.

Leonard: Is the autumn cruel for letting the flowers die, or is that just nature’s way?

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard? (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard?

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: I think I figured out Wolowitz’s magic trick, and I need you to pick a card.

Leonard: I am not opening that door, Sheldon.

Sheldon: As you wish. (Cards slide under door) Pick a card, put it back, and prepare to be amazed. (Leonard does not) Did you pick one?

Leonard: Yep.

Sheldon: (Sliding card under door) Is this your card?

Leonard: (Not looking) Nope.

Sheldon: Drat. Is this your card?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: I’ll be right back.

Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is alone.

Sheldon: Pick a card, Sheldon. Now look at it, and put it back in the deck. Now do you remember your card? Of course I do, I have an eidetic memory. My apologies. Now shuffle the cards. Shuffling. Wait here. Processing image, cross-referencing.

Leonard: Whatcha doin’?

Sheldon: I’m reverse engineering Wolowitz’s magic trick.

Leonard: What’s up with the infrared cameras?

Sheldon: I’m measuring residual heat levels on the playing cards to determine which one’s been touched. By the way, if you hope to have children, I suggest you switch from briefs to boxers. Your testicles look a tad warm.

Leonard: Holy crap, are you connected to the Oak Ridge National Laboratory?

Sheldon: Yes. I’m using their Cray Supercomputer to analyze shuffling patterns.

Leonard: Sheldon, that computer is used for National defence. Hacking into it is a Federal crime.

Sheldon: Relax, we’re not under attack right now.

Leonard: Okay, I’m leaving before the black helicopters get here.

Sheldon: And is this my card? Rats! I wonder if Howard used a radioactive tracer. Where am I going to find Uranium-235 this time of night? Come on, Craigslist.

Scene: A restaurant

Leonard: Is it racist that I took you to an Indian restaurant?

Priya: It’s okay, I like Indian food.

Leonard: Or as you probably call it back home, food.

Priya: Why didn’t you wear your contacts? Don’t you like them?

Leonard: No, no, I do. It’s just I knew I was having curry tonight and I only want one part of my body to burn at a time.

Priya: You know, my company offered me a position here in Los Angeles.

Leonard: Does that mean you’d relocate here permanently?

Priya: Maybe. What do you think?

Leonard:Oh,  I love it. Oh, that’s great!

Penny (knocking on window): Hi! Hi! Just hang on.

Leonard: Small world.

Priya: You did talk to her, didn’t you?

Leonard: Of course, I did. I talked and talked and talked.

Penny: Hey! Look at Leonard in his fancy-ass grownup clothes. Way to go, Priya. For once, he doesn’t look like a mannequin in the boys’ department. Hey, did he tell you I saved the silk shirt?

Priya: No, he did not.

Penny: He was gonna throw it in the washing machine with his Spiderman underwear. That’s our Lenny, huh?

Priya: Yes, that’s our Lenny.

Penny: So, how’s the food here? Oh, wow, that is really, really good. Oh, I’m sorry. You guys are on a date. We can hang out anytime. Have fun.

Leonard: Bye.

Priya: Good night.

Penny: Oh, that’s, hot, hot, hot, hot! Whoo! It really sneaks up on ya, huh? All right, I gotta go.

Leonard: It is pretty spicy.

Scene: The cafeteria.

Sheldon: Oh, I’ve been meaning to tell you, I figured out your magic trick.

Howard: Really?

Sheldon: Oh, yes. In fact, I improved upon it.

Howard: I’d love to see that. How about you, Raj?

Raj: Beefaroni and a show? How do you turn that down?

Sheldon: All right. Pick a card.

Howard: Okay.

Sheldon: Bippity-boppity-boo.

Howard: What’s with the wand and the beep?

Sheldon: The wand is called showmanship, and the beep is none of your business. Oh! Excuse me, I’m getting a text message completely unrelated to this magic trick. Oh, look, my dry cleaning’s ready. And your card was the five of spades. Ta-da.

Raj: These cards have barcodes on them. The wand is a reader. It’s transmitting to your phone.

Sheldon: I said, ta-da. Show’s over.

Howard: That’s pathetic. Let me show you how a real magician does it. Raj, take a card. Don’t let me see it.

Raj: Okay.

Howard: Three of clubs. (It isn’t)

Raj: Son of a gun, you’re blowing my mind!

Howard: Bippity-boppity-boo-yah!

Sheldon: That does it. I’m getting uranium.

Raj: You ever gonna tell him?

Howard: Maybe. When it stops being fun.

Raj: So never.

Scene: Penny’s door.

Penny: Oh, hey, I was just on my way to work.

Leonard: Oh, okay, it’s not important. It can wait.

Penny: No, it’s all right. Walk me down. So, what’s up?

Leonard: Uh, I kind of have a problem I was hoping you could help me with.

Penny: Sure, anything.

Leonard: Move out.

Penny: What?

Leonard: Well, uh, not far. Hey, if you ever wanna start a family, La Cañada has some great schools.

Penny: Okay, I’m not moving anywhere. What the hell is this all about?

Leonard: Why does it have to be about anything? Can’t a fella ask his buddy to relocate, no questions asked?

Penny: Oh, for god’s sake, Leonard, this is about Priya, isn’t it? She doesn’t want me hanging out with you.

Leonard: Yes. There, I said it.

Penny: Okay, look, I happen to like your girlfriend.

Leonard: And she likes you.

Penny: No, she doesn’t.

Leonard: Not really, no.

Penny: It doesn’t matter. Look, I promise from now on I will keep my distance from you.

Leonard: Well, now, hold on. What kind of distance are we talking about? Because we are neighbours. I mean, I can hear the toilet flush in your apartment.

Penny: You can hear my toilet flush?

Leonard: I don’t listen for it, but it’s nice to know everything’s okay with your plumbing. The building’s plumbing.

Penny: Leonard, I get it. You’re in a new relationship now. And I’m happy for you. So why don’t we just shake hands and part friends?

Leonard: Well, now hold on, how about this? How about we still hang out, but on the down-low?

Penny: Are you really that kind of guy?

Leonard: No. I actually felt kinda silly just saying on the down-low.

Penny: Good-bye, Leonard.

Leonard: Penny, wait. (Bumps into door) Damned contacts.

Scene: The cafeteria.

Howard: Incoming.

Raj: Hi!

Howard: Hey!

Sheldon: Hello.

Raj: Why so glum, chum?

Sheldon: Apparently, you can’t hack into a government supercomputer and then try to buy uranium without the Department of Homeland Security tattling to your mother.

Howard: Oh, that’s too bad. Figure out the magic trick yet?

Sheldon: Figure out the magic trick yet?

Howard: Want me to tell you how to do it?

Sheldon: No.

Howard: I’ll show you one more time. Raj?

Sheldon: Hang on. This time do it with me, so I can make sure there’s no monkey business.

Howard: All right. (Raj looks over Sheldon’s shoulder. Holds two fingers over his heart). Two of hearts.

Sheldon: I hate you.

Howard: Yeah, he’s gonna win the Nobel prize.




Series 4 Episode 19 – The Zarnecki Incursion
Scene: The apartment

Sheldon: Why hast thou forsaken me, O deity whose existence I doubt?

Policeman: Here. Breathe into this bag.

Leonard: What’s going on?

Sheldon: They stole everything, Leonard, everything.

Policeman: Are you the roommate?

Leonard: Yeah, Leonard Hofstadter. What happened?

Policeman: Your friend here called 911 to report a robbery.

Leonard: Oh, my God, what did they get?

Sheldon: What didn’t they get? They got my enchanted weapons, my vicious gladiator armour, my wand of untainted power, and all my gold.

Leonard: You called the police because someone hacked your World of Warcraft account?

Sheldon: What choice did I have? The mighty Sheldor, level 85 blood elf, hero of the Eastern kingdoms, has been picked clean, like a carcass in the desert sun. Plus, the FBI hung up on me.

Policeman: Into the bag.

Sheldon: They took my battle ostrich.

Leonard: Oh, no, not Glenn?

Sheldon: Yes, Glenn! The only bird I ever loved.

Policeman: Good luck, fellas.

Leonard: Thank you, officer.

Sheldon: Wait a minute! You’re not going to do anything?

Policeman: Mr. Cooper, there’s nothing…

Sheldon: Doctor Cooper.

Policeman: Seriously?

Leonard: Not the kind with access to drugs.

Policeman: Fine. Dr. Cooper. I’m sorry for your loss, but the Pasadena Police Department doesn’t have jurisdiction in Pandora.

Sheldon: That’s from Avatar, World of Warcraft takes place in Azeroth. Goodness gracious, how are you allowed to carry a gun? Can you at least refer me to a rogue ex-cop?

Policeman: What?

Sheldon: You know, one who was drummed off the force because he refused to play by the rules, and now he hires himself out to impose his own brand of rough justice?

Policeman: No.

Leonard: Thank you, officer.

Sheldon: It’s all gone. All gone.

Leonard: I’m really sorry, Sheldon.

Sheldon: What kind of world do we live in, where a man would take another man’s battle ostrich?

Leonard: I don’t know.

Sheldon: This act of aggression must be met with swift and cruel ferocity. It is time to cry havoc, and let slip the dogs of war.

Leonard: I’m on it. (On phone) Hi, Mrs. Wolowitz. Is, is Howard there? Okay, thanks. That particular dog of war will have to call you back after his bath.

Sheldon: See if Raj is done with Pilates.

Credits sequence.

 

Scene: The apartment.

Sheldon: Three thousand hours. Three thousand hours clicking on that mouse, collecting weapons and gold. It’s almost as if it was a huge waste of time.

Howard: Whoever did this knew what they were doing. He got in and out of your account in under 15 minutes, transferred all your stuff, and didn’t leave a digital fingerprint.

Sheldon: Oh! There isn’t enough camomile tea in the world to quell the rage in my heart.

Raj: Hold on. I’m talking to an orc under the bridge in Thunder Bluff who says if we pay him, he’ll help us track down your things.

Sheldon: Can we trust him?

Raj: I should say so, he appears to be a member of the Nigerian royal family.

Howard: Whoa! Somebody’s auctioning off a jewelled ostrich bridle!

Sheldon: No. Glenn’s was leather. He was a simple ostrich. Is! Is, I haven’t given up hope.

Penny: Hey.

Leonard: Hey, Penny. We’re kind of in the middle of a crisis, here.

Penny: Oh, I know. Bernadette told me. Sorry, Sheldon. I know that game meant a lot to you.

Sheldon: That game? Excuse me, Penny, but Doodle Jump is a game. Angry Birds is a game. World of Warcraft is a massively multi-player online role-playing… all right, technically it’s a game.

Raj: Bad news, the Nigerian prince may be a fraud.

Penny: Okay, well, anyways, I brought you a day-old cheesecake to cheer you up!

Sheldon: Stale pastry is hollow succour to a man who is bereft of ostrich.

Penny: Just say thank you.

Sheldon: I thought I just did.

Penny: All right. See you later.

Priya: Oh! Hello.

Penny: Oh, hi! I was just dropping off a cheesecake to Sheldon. He was robbed of a bunch of imaginary crap that’s useful in a make-believe place.

Priya: I don’t know what that means.

Penny: Yeah, well, sadly, I do.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Penny: Did you know last weekend Priya took Leonard rollerblading at the beach? Can you believe that?

Bernadette: I feel like I’m supposed to say that bitch, but I don’t have enough information.

Penny: I am the one who spent two years trying to get him to even go to the beach in the first place. And he was so phobic about stepping on medical waste, I had to carry him to the water.

Bernadette: I took Howard to the beach once. He almost burst into flames like a vampire.

Penny: So what’s the thanks I get for turning Leonard into quality boyfriend material? I have to tiptoe around his new girlfriend.

Amy: I think you’re on.

Bernadette: Oh. That bitch!

Penny: Want some coffee liqueur on your ice cream?

Amy: Ah, here’s the alcohol and drug peer pressure Mother warned me about. I was starting to think it was never going to happen. Yes, please.

Penny: You guys should’ve seen Leonard when I first met him. There was no eye contact. He was either looking up at the ceiling, or down at his shoes.

Amy: I’m drunk.

Penny: You know, for the first couple of months, whenever I would take off my bra, he would giggle and say, oh boy, my breast friends.

Bernadette: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I’m never speaking to Priya again.

Penny: No, don’t do that. No reason to be mean to her.

Amy: This may be the alcohol talking, but I believe there is. Are you familiar with the recent study of Tanzanian chimpanzees by Nishida and Hosaka out of Kyoto University?

Penny: No, but I can name all the Kardashians.

Amy: Primates, such as ourselves, have a natural instinct to ostracize ill-mannered members of the troop. Bernadette’s urge to shun, scowl or fling her waste at Priya is hard-wired into her DNA.

Bernadette: I don’t have an urge to fling my waste.

Amy: Believe me, it’s there, we all have it. Hit me with some more booze, and I’ll show you.

Scene: The apartment

Howard: All right, here we are, this is the tavern where all the black-market weapon trades go down.

Raj: I don’t think my character should be in a place like this. Everyone’s undressing her with their eyes.

Howard: Maybe if you stop dropping your sword and bending over to pick it up.

Leonard: Okay, what exactly are we looking for?

Howard: Redheaded troll, goes by the name of Glumly. According to the message boards, if you want to move stolen goods and it’s after school hours, he’s your guy.

Priya: Leonard, is this going to take much longer? I thought we were going to spend some time together.

Leonard: Uh, we are. In the meantime, you’re welcome to whip up a quick character and join us.

Priya: Seriously?

Leonard: Well, you have to put in a credit card number, but it’s fun.

Priya: Maybe I should just go home.

Howard: Our troll just walked in! I got him!

Leonard: We got him. We’re almost done.

Howard: So, how do you guys want to play this?

Sheldon: Be ruthless. You tell him if he doesn’t start talking, we’ll register a complaint with his Internet service provider.

Raj: Sheldon, what if he gets his Internet from his cable company? He could lose his HBO and all their delightful original programming.

Sheldon: I don’t care! I’m losin’ it, man!

Leonard: Why don’t we play this smart? Try a little good goblin, bad goblin.

Priya: Oh, dear Lord.

Howard: Nah, I think we have to be more subtle.

Raj: Okay, I see where this is going. Fine, I’ll have sex with him.

Leonard: That’s not where it was going.

Raj: Good, because I would hate that.

Priya: Leonard, you’re busy, let’s talk tomorrow.

Leonard: Oh, wait. Hang on. Are you upset?

Priya: No, no, I think it’s sexy to date a boy trapped in a man’s body.

Leonard: Good, good. I’ll tell you what happens.

Sheldon: And people think I don’t get sarcasm.

Scene: The hallway. 

Amy: Well, well, well. Look who it is.

Penny: Okay, be nice.

Priya: Hello.

Penny: Hi. We’re just heading out for a drink.

Amy: Because I do that now.

Bernadette: Count your blessings you’re not a Tanzanian chimp.

Priya: What?

Penny: Don’t listen to her, she’s had a lot of ice cream. Do you want to join us?

Priya: Oh, thank you, but I have work to do.

Amy: Four women walk down the stairs, how many reach the lobby?

Scene: The cafeteria.

Leonard: Did your sister say anything when you got home last night?

Raj: Oh, no, don’t put me in the middle of this. I’m not going to be your go-between.

Leonard: Come on, help me out. Am I in trouble?

Raj: There’s no reason to worry.

Leonard: That’s a relief.

Raj: I’m sure many women in happy relationships spend their nights skyping with their ex-boyfriend Sanjay.

Howard: Good news, gentlemen, I found our hacker.

Sheldon: What?

Leonard: Really?

Howard: Yeah. No one can hide from me, not Waldo, not Carmen San Diego, not even topless Natalie Portman.

Sheldon: I’ve never said these words before, but good job, Howard!

Howard: Thanks. Our culprit is one Mr. Todd Zarnecki, 2711 Ocean View Road, Carlsbad, California.

Sheldon: The name and the address drip with evil.

Raj: What else do we know about him?

Howard: Well, quite a bit, actually.

Leonard: I’ll bet he’s some loser who lives with his parents.

Howard: Yes, he does live with his parents. Here’s a Google Earth shot of their house.

Sheldon: Excellent! It’s in a cul-de-sac. We can box him in.

Leonard: Hold on, you’re thinking of going there?

Sheldon: Carlsbad is only a couple of hours away.

Leonard: Fine. You walk up to the house, knock on the door and demand your stuff back. What if he says no?

Sheldon: I don’t know if you’ve been following the news, Leonard, but there have been some terrific advancements in the field of torture.

Leonard: No one’s getting tortured.

Sheldon: Fine, we’ll abide by the Geneva Convention. But ask yourself this, in the course of our lives, how much lunch money has been taken from us? How many kites? How many Scooby-Doo Trapper Keepers?

Raj: I totally had one of those.

Sheldon: Of course you did. It was a fun and practical way of organizing your school work. But the bullies took it from us. Well, no more. Tonight, we take back our dignity, our birthright and our pride. What do you say? Who’s with me?

Raj: I have a hip-hop aerobics class at five, could we go after?

Sheldon: Sure.

Howard: Also, tonight’s the Sabbath and my mother and I have a tradition of lighting the candles and

watching Wheel of Fortune, so If we could leave at eight, we’d still be able to regain our birthright at ten, ten thirty latest.

Sheldon: Fine. Leonard?

Leonard: Oh, geez, I don’t know if I can ditch Priya two nights in a row.

Raj: Oh, come on, man. Bros before… my sister.

Leonard: Aw, screw it. I’m in.

Raj: Me, too.

Howard: And me.

Sheldon: One moment. (Places a tissue on their hands before adding his own) I’m hell-bent on catching a cyber criminal, not the common cold.

Scene: Howard’s house

Sheldon: I’m sorry, I thought this delay was so you could watch Wheel of Fortune with your mother.

Howard: I am. She’s just bleaching her moustache. Check it out. Hey, Ma! Before and After! Four words, 17 letters, two N’s, one V.

Howard’s Mother (off): Fanny pack of wolves.

Leonard: That’s incredible.

Howard: Yeah, she’s kind of a Wheel savant.

Leonard (phone rings): Uh-oh, that’s Priya.

Raj: Sitar music for her ringtone is not cool, dude.

Leonard: Hit the… Hey, sweetie. Yeah, I’m sorry. I’m gonna be working late. I, I, I miss you, too. Okay, sure, I’ll call you when I get home. Okay, bye-bye.

Raj: Very nice. You lie to my sister.

Howard: That’s the nicest thing he does to your sister.

Raj (phone rings): Oh, guess who.

Leonard: Cover for me.

Raj: Hello, Priya. What’s up? How would I know if Leonard’s at work or not? Don’t be suspicious. Look, if you want your relationship with Leonard to continue, you’re going to have to believe whatever wild-eyed, cockamamie excuse the white devil has the nerve to offer you. Okay? Yeah, bye-bye. You owe me.

Howard: New puzzle, Ma. Same name. One N, two D’s, three O’s.

Howard’s Mother (off): Whoopi and Rube Goldberg!

Sheldon: That’s uncanny.

Howard: I know. It’s her superpower. Well, that and jiggling her arm fat.

Scene: Leonard’s car. 

Leonard: I can’t believe we’re going all the way to San Diego to confront this guy.

Howard: Yeah, we’re kind of bad-asses, aren’t we?

Leonard: Totally.

Raj: Hey, how about we stay the night and hit Legoland in the morning?

Sheldon: Sea World is better. It has Shamu, who is literally tons of fun. But for the moment, let’s stay focused on Todd Zarnecki.

Raj: Yeah, we’re coming for you, Todd Zarnecki. And for the record, Legoland is more interactive.

Sheldon: I almost feel sorry for the poor fool, sitting in his split-level suburban ranch, unaware that a vengeful horde is barrelling down the San Diego Freeway at 71 miles an hour. Ease up there, lead foot. You trying to get us killed?

Raj: I took the liberty of burning us a mix of heroic questing music.

Sheldon: This says Beyonce Bootylicious Dance Mix.

Raj: It’s a re-writable CD. Just put it in.

Howard: Beyonce? Really?

Raj: She’s curvy and she owns it. I like that.

Leonard (as Ride of the Valkyries begins): Oh, yeah, I’m feeling it.

Sheldon: We are winged fury! Which is still no excuse for going over the posted speed limit.

Scene: Stuck in a traffic tailback.

Howard: Next time we go to kick someone’s ass, we take the train.

Sheldon: I always prefer the train.

Scene: Outside Todd Zarnecki’s house.

Leonard: Sheldon, let’s go.

Sheldon: Coming.

Howard: Why did you bring that?

Sheldon: No weapon strikes more fear into a man’s heart than a Klingon bat’leth.

Leonard: Okay, let’s get clear on something. We’re just going to tell this guy to transfer all of your stuff back into your account and then be on our way. No one’s bat’lething anybody.

Sheldon: So my blade shall not taste blood tonight?

Leonard: No.

Sheldon: Well, now I just feel silly holding it.

Leonard: Come on.

Sheldon: Can I at least kick down the door?

Leonard: You’re welcome to try, but the other day, it took you 15 minutes to get into a FedEx box. (Rings bell)

Voice Inside: Who is it?

Sheldon: Your doom!

Raj: Don’t say your doom. Who opens the door for their doom?

Sheldon: Good point. Basket of puppies.

Huge man (opening door): What?

Leonard: Uh, Sheldon?

Sheldon: Are you Todd Zarnecki?

Todd: Yeah. Who are you?

Sheldon: I am Sheldor of Azeroth. I want my things back.

Todd: I don’t think so. Let me see that.

Sheldon: Careful. That’s a collectible.

Todd: I know. I’ve always wanted one. (Closes door)

Sheldon: Well, he’s even more cunning than we thought.

Scene: Leonard’s car.

Sheldon: You know, the joke’s on him. Without the certificate of authenticity, that bat’leth is worthless.

Howard: Yeah, he walked right into our trap.

Raj: Legoland seems like a hollow dream now.

Leonard: Oh-oh.

Raj: What’s the matter?

Leonard: Something’s wrong, I’m not getting any gas. Anybody know anything about internal combustion engines?

Sheldon: Of course.

Raj: Very basic.

Howard: 19th-century technology.

Leonard: Does anybody know how to fix an internal combustion engine?

Sheldon: No.

Howard: No, not a clue.

Leonard: Well, we’d better call somebody to come pick us up.

Sheldon: It’d be swell if they had a train.

Scene: Penny’s car.

Sheldon: Thank you, Penny.

Penny: No problem. So, Leonard, I think it’s interesting you didn’t call your girlfriend to come get you.

Leonard: Uh, I kind of told her I was working.

Penny: So you lied to her. Also interesting.

Leonard: Yeah, she doesn’t really understand the whole Warcraft adventure-role-playing thing.

Penny: Well, doesn’t matter if she gets it, as long as she’s pretty.

Howard: This one’s funny, Leonard. How come you couldn’t make it work with her?

Penny: So did you at least get Sheldon’s fake stuff back?

Sheldon: No. We failed in our noble quest.

Penny: How come?

Sheldon: Todd Zarnecki was mean.

Penny: All right. Hang on.

Leonard: What are you doing?

Penny: I’m gonna show you how we finish a quest in Nebraska. Oh. Beyonce. (Ride of the Valkyries) This ain’t no Beyonce.

Scene: Todd Zarnecki’s house. Todd answers the door. 

Todd: Now what?

Penny: Give my friend his stuff back.

Todd: I don’t know what you’re talking about.

Penny: Well, then, good news. Today’s the day a girl’s finally going to touch you in your little special place. (Kicks him in the groin) Now give him his stuff back.

Todd: Okay.

Sheldon: We did it! I said, we.

Scene: The lobby. 

Priya: Oh, hold the door.

Penny: Oh, hi.

Priya: Hi.

Penny: Going to see Leonard?

Priya: Yes. How have you been?

Penny: Fine. You?

Priya: Very well, thank you.

(They ascend all three flights of stairs in silence.)

Penny: Alright, well great seeing you.

Priya: Yeah, you too.

Penny: Amy’s right. I do want to fling my poop at her.

















Series 4 Episode 20 – The Herb Garden Germination
Scene: A bookstore.

Dr. Brian Greene: My new book, The Hidden Reality, takes on a grand question. Is our universe the only universe? You see, there’s a growing belief among scientists like me that ours may only be one among many universes populating a gigantic cosmos. In The Hidden Reality, I explore this possibility without presuming any knowledge of mathematics or physics on the part of the reader.

Sheldon: Hysterical.

Amy: I’m glad you talked me into this. We work so hard, sometimes, it’s nice to goof off and do something silly.

Sheldon: Agreed. Wait till you hear how he dumbs down Werner Heisenberg for the crowd. You may actually believe you’re in a comedy club.

Greene: You can think about Heisenberg’s Uncertainty Principle much like the special order menu that you find in certain Chinese restaurants, where you have dishes in column A and other dishes in column B, and if you order the first dish in column A, you can’t order the corresponding dish in column B. That’s sort of like the Uncertainly Principle.

Sheldon: Ba-dum-bump.

Amy: Say, I heard an interesting tidbit about Howard and Bernadette.

Sheldon: Really, Amy? Gossip? I’m disappointed in you.

Amy: Now, now. Evolutionary biologist Robin Dunbar has identified gossip as an aid to social bonding in large groups.

Sheldon: Forgive my language, but poppycock.

Amy: What if he’s right? And by not participating in gossip, society breaks down into small feral bands of tattooed motorcycle riders fighting to the death over the last few cans of tuna fish?

Sheldon: Fine. In the parlance of the urban music scene, what’s the 4-1-1?

Amy: Bernadette is thinking about breaking up with Howard.

Sheldon: I believe our nation’s tuna cans are safe. Excuse me. Dr. Greene, question?

Greene: Yes?

Sheldon: You’ve dedicated your life’s work to educating the general populace about complex scientific ideas.

Greene: Yes, in part.

Sheldon: Have you ever considered trying to do something useful? Perhaps, reading to the elderly?

Greene: Excuse me?

Sheldon: Yeah, but not your books. Something they might enjoy. I kid, of course. Big fan.

Credits sequence

Scene: The apartment. The guys are playing on a Nintendo Wii.

Leonard: Nice shot.

Sheldon: Thank you. My father taught me archery as a child. It’s odd how the activity brings back the smell of Kmart bourbon.

Leonard: Perfect.

Sheldon: I know. What an elf I would have made. Whoo, what do you think you’re doing?

Leonard: Shooting at a target?

Sheldon: With what?

Leonard: An arrow.

Sheldon: Really? I didn’t see you draw one from your quiver.

Leonard: I’m not going to do that, Sheldon.

Sheldon: Leonard, the people at Nintendo can only go so far in helping us recreate an actual athletic experience. We have to do our part, too. (Leonard mimes drawing an arrow and stabbing Sheldon with it.) That was uncalled for, but I’ll play along. Ow! I had an unusual experience with Amy last night.

Leonard: Really? How could you tell?

Sheldon: She was attempting to engage me in gossip.

Leonard: You don’t say?

Sheldon: Yes. I think prolonged exposure to Penny has turned her into a bit of a Gabby Gertie.

Leonard: So, what’s the gossip?

Sheldon: Oh, please, I was just pointing it out. I have no desire to engage in the activity.

Leonard: Fine, don’t tell me.

Sheldon: All right, get this. Bernadette is thinking about breaking up with Howard.

Leonard: Oh. That’s too bad. I wonder what happened.

Sheldon: Mm, it’s hard to say. I can only speculate based on the data I collected watching my parents’ marriage implode. In that case, the woman dives into religion, while the man dives into a bottle-blonde bartender who tries to buy my love with action figures. Oop! Out of arrows.

Leonard: Boy, you sure get your money’s worth out of these games.

Scene: The bathroom.

Leonard: – Priya, can I come in?

Priya: Sure.

Leonard: Oh, God.

Priya: What?

Leonard: It’s okay. You didn’t know. I’ll take care of it.

Priya: What, what did I do?

Leonard: Sheldon doesn’t allow flossing that close to the mirror.

Priya: You’re kidding.

Leonard: It’s a splatter thing. There’s a little piece of tape on the floor you’re supposed to stand behind.

Priya: That’s madness.

Leonard: I know. Just do it. There’s a big inspection coming up, and I don’t want to lose my TV privileges.

Priya: You really need to let me take a look at that roommate agreement one of these days.

Leonard: Mm, I don’t know. I get a lawyer, he gets a lawyer, it’s just easier to stand behind the tape.

Priya: Oh, by the way, a fellow at work said I could use his Dodger tickets this weekend. Does that sound like fun?

Leonard: Yeah! Dodgers are baseball, right?

Priya: You’ll need to explain the game to me.

Leonard: Mm, it’s complicated, but as I remember it, the essentials are, get chosen last, get hit by the ball, cry, go home.

Priya: Well, regardless, I’ve got four tickets, and I was thinking we can bring Bernadette and Howard. She’s really interesting, and I bet I can get used to him.

Leonard: Well, it might not be a great idea to invite those two.

Priya: Why not?

Leonard: Don’t tell anybody I told you, but I heard she might be breaking up with him.

Priya: Oh, too bad. Although I do know one person for whom that’s good news.

Leonard: Really? Who?

Priya: My brother. He’s got a big crush on Bernadette.

Leonard: What? You’re kidding!

Priya: Mmm. I found poems he wrote about her. Very disturbing. Oh, Bernadette, please play my clarinet.

Leonard: Wow, that’s hard to believe.

Priya: Yes. And for years, everyone in my family was convinced that he was the clarinet enthusiast. Hmm. What’s that piece of tape?

Leonard: Oh, that one doesn’t apply to you. You sit.

Scene: The lobby. 

Leonard: Hey!

Penny: Hey! How’s it going?

Leonard: Not too bad. Did you hear about Howard and Bernadette?

Penny: ‘Course I heard about it. How did you hear about it?

Leonard: I heard about it from Sheldon. He got it from Amy.

Penny: Oh, damn it. I told Amy that in the strictest confidence. Boy, some people are such blabbermouths. Well, whatever, I’m sure Bernadette can do better.

Leonard: Do you think a sexually ambivalent Indian astrophysicist with selective mutism and alcohol issues is better than a hundred-pound Jewish guy who lives with his mom?

Penny: You are kidding. Raj likes Bernadette?

Leonard: I didn’t say Raj. Who said Raj?

Penny: Okay, give. How do you know? Did he tell you?

Leonard: No.

Penny: Well, then who?

Leonard: I can’t say.

Penny: Priya told you. What a little gossip. You know, not an attractive quality in a woman, Leonard. Not judging, just my opinion.

Leonard: Well, The point is, if this got out, it would destroy Howard and Raj’s friendship.

Penny: You don’t have to worry. Unlike Amy and Priya, I know how to keep a secret.

Leonard: You’re the one who told Amy in the first place.

Penny: In confidence!

Scene: Raj’s apartment.

Raj: Hello, Mummy. Hello, Daddy. How are you?

Mrs Koothrappali (on webcam): We’re very rich in a very poor country. So, all in all, can’t complain.

Dr Koothrappali: So, Priya, how are enjoying staying with your brother?

Priya: It’s fine. But if I’m going to stay in Los Angeles much longer, I think I should get my own place.

Mrs Koothrappali: Why? Is Rajesh not making you feel comfortable? Rajesh, why aren’t you making your sister comfortable?

Raj: I am making her comfortable. Besides, she’s not sleeping here half the time anyway.

Dr Koothrappali: What? Where are you sleeping, Priya?

Priya: It’s a figure of speech, Daddy. It means I-I work late.

Mrs Koothrappali: Please tell me you’re not dating an American. I knew this would happen. Rajesh, are you letting your sister date that little Howard boy?

Dr Koothrappali: Now, hold on. If she is dating an American, that’s not a bad way to go. He’s Jewish. Those chaps are very successful, and they don’t drink a lot.

Raj: It, it doesn’t matter. Howard has a girlfriend.

Priya: For now.

Raj: What does that mean?

Priya: I’ll tell you later.

Raj: Is something going on with him and Bernadette?

Mrs Koothrappali: Who’s Bernadette?

Dr Koothrappali: Doesn’t sound Jewish.

Mrs Koothrappali: You can’t tell by that. Winona Ryder is Jewish.

Dr Koothrappali: Okay, we’re getting off the subject. Rajesh, I want you to try harder to make your sister feel welcome.

Priya: Thank you, Daddy.

Raj: Don’t worry. Everything I have, I share with her. Including my friend Leon…

Priya: Good night, Mummy. Good night, Daddy.

Raj: Oh, my God, I think you broke my toe!

Priya: Well you should have kept your mouth shut.

Raj: Fair enough. Now, what’s up with Clarinet? Bernadette!

Scene: The cafeteria.

Sheldon: I’ve been thinking about Dr. Greene’s efforts to make science palatable for the masses.

Leonard: Oh, yeah? What about it?

Sheldon: That’s all. I’ve just been thinking about it. Now, I’m thinking about fractal equations. Now I’m thinking about the origin of the phrase train of thought. Now I’m thinking about trains.

Raj: Are you listening to this guy?

Howard: Hmm? Oh, I’m sorry. I was somewhere else.

Leonard: Lucky bastard.

Sheldon: Now I’m thinking about Jell-O.

Raj: So what’s up?

Howard: It’s a Bernadette thing.

Raj: Oh, no. I hope everything’s okay.

Leonard: Whatever it is, we’re here for you. You can tell us anything.

Raj: Yeah. Good or devastating.

Howard: I’m gonna ask her to marry me.

Leonard: Marry you?

Raj: What?

Howard: Yeah. I just need to figure out the right time to pop the question.

Leonard: Oh, I’d wait.

Raj: No rush, no rush.

Howard (phone rings): Oh, great. It’s my cousin David about the ring. Hey, David, what’d you find? Oh, sure, a half a carat’s fine. Her freakishly small hands make anything look big. It’s one of the reasons I love her.

Leonard: Man, he’s going to be blindsided.

Raj: I know. It’ll be awful.

Sheldon: Why are you smiling?

Leonard: Yeah, Raj, why?

Raj: Uh, a smile means something different in my country. You know, tears of joy, smile of sadness. India’s a goofy place.

Sheldon: Oh, I’m back to trains. Woo-woo.

Scene: The apartment.

Amy: Did I tell you our lab got a grant to study addiction?

Sheldon: No.

Amy: Fascinating work. I recently trained a capuchin monkey to smoke cigarettes.

Sheldon: Have you learned anything?

Amy: Yes. He looks much cooler than the non-smoking monkeys. Although it’s not much of a contest. The other monkeys just sit around and masturbate.

Sheldon: If you don’t mind, I’d like to stop listening to you and start talking.

Amy: By all means.

Sheldon: Howard has announced his intention to propose marriage to Bernadette.

Amy: I don’t understand. The original piece of gossip indicated an impending breakup.

Sheldon: I know. The group consensus is that his proposal will be met with an humiliating, soul-crushing rejection. Everyone was set a-twitter. Although oddly, no one tweeted.

Amy: It’s not surprising that the story has captured the attention of our little circle of friends. Are you familiar with meme theory?

Sheldon: I’m familiar with everything, but go on.

Amy: Meme theory suggests that items of gossip are like living things that seek to reproduce using humans as their host.

Sheldon: I’m no stranger to memetic epidemiology. At Johnson Elementary School, the phrase Shelly Cooper’s a smelly pooper spread like wildfire.

Amy: I should think so. That’s gold.

Sheldon: Your meme hypothesis does intrigue me. How might we examine this more closely?

Amy: Do you have any ethical qualms regarding human experimentation?

Sheldon: It’s one of the few forms of interaction with people that I don’t find repellent.

Amy: We need to fabricate a tantalizing piece of gossip.

Sheldon: And a second non-tantalizing piece to use as a control.

Amy: Then we’ll track its progress through our social group and interpret the results through the competing academic prisms of memetic theory, algebraic gossip and epidemiology.

Sheldon: Look at you, getting me to engage in the social sciences. You’re a vixen, Amy Farrah Fowler.

Scene: Penny’s door.

Penny: Oh, hey, Amy. What’s up?

Amy: Sheldon and I engaged in sexual intercourse. In other news, I’m thinking of starting an herb garden. Mum’s the word. Gotta go.

Scene: The Cheesecake Factory

Bernadette: Oh, hey, Raj, what are you doing here?

Raj: I just felt like drinking alone, because I’m deep and dark.

Bernadette: Uh-huh. So, uh, Howard’s not here?

Raj: No. It’s just one of those times when it’s just you and me. Like when the three of us went to the movies and you and I waited outside the bathroom while Howard threw up Red Vines and Cherry Coke. Do you remember that?

Bernadette: Yeah.

Raj: Me, too. Good times.

Penny: Hey, 16 wants to order appetizers.

Bernadette: Oh, thanks.

Raj: This was nice.

Penny: What the hell are you doing? Howard is your best friend, and that is his girlfriend. You should be ashamed of yourself.

Raj: I was when I came in, but it’s amazing what liquor does to guilt. Besides what you might not know is, Bernadette is planning on breaking up with Howard.

Penny: Well, I know that. How do you know that?

Raj: My sister told me.

Penny: Oh, that gossipy bitch! No offense.

Raj: None taken. You should hear how she talks about you.

Penny: Okay, listen, just because Howard and Bernadette are having problems, does not mean you should be here sniffing around.

Raj: What can I do? I can’t stop thinking about her.

Penny: All right, try thinking about this. Sheldon and Amy had sex.

Raj: Shut your ass!

Penny: Yeah, it’s true. Amy told me.

Raj: How did that even happen? Did they know that’s what they were doing when they were doing it?

Penny: I-I guess they just figured it out at some point.

Raj: Wow. I can’t believe old Smelly Pooper finally got laid.

Scene: The apartment. 

Leonard: Hey.

Sheldon: Hey.

Leonard: Hope you’re hungry.

Sheldon: Interesting. A friendly sentiment in this country, cruel taunt in the Sudan. It’s a lesson in context.

Leonard: Will Amy be joining us for dinner?

Sheldon: Yes, I believe so.

Leonard: Good, good. Everything okay between you two?

Sheldon: Yes. Why do you ask?

Leonard: No reason. I was just talking to Raj, and he mentioned what a lovely glow she has these days.

Sheldon: Did he mean as if she’d been out in the sun, tending an herb garden without wearing a hat or sunblock?

Leonard: No. That’s not what he meant.

Sheldon: Well, we may never know. As my mother would say, the Asians are an inscrutable folk. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.

Leonard: Yeah, you do. You dog, you.

Sheldon: Did you get that?

Amy (on webcam): Every word. Our false gossip meme appears to have reached node lambda.

Sheldon: This is moving faster than we thought.

Amy: Agreed. It appears the rate of gossip transmission is proportional to the number of nodes squared.

Sheldon: I must say, Amy, pretending to have intercourse with you is giving me a great deal of satisfaction.

Amy: Slow down, Sheldon. I’m not quite there yet.

Scene: The apartment, later.

Leonard: Pass the soy sauce.

Howard: Sure.

Amy: Bernadette just asked about my sexual encounter with you. The meme has reached full penetration.

Sheldon: Pun intended?

Amy: No. Happy accident.

Sheldon: This is remarkable. Took less than 24 hours.

Amy: I should let you know that she asked for details about our dalliance.

Sheldon: Interesting. So it went beyond the mere fact of coitus to a blow by blow, as it were.

Amy: Pun intended?

Sheldon: I’m sorry. What pun?

Amy: Not important. I described your lovemaking as aloof, but effective.

Sheldon: I wish you hadn’t done that. That’s going to make me a chick magnet, and I’m so busy as it is.

Howard: Hey, everybody, I got something I want to ask Bernadette, and I can’t think of a better time than when I’m with all my friends.

Leonard: Oh, hold on, Howard. There’s lots of better times.

Raj: Leonard, please. The man is talking. Let him get it out, and let the chips fall where they may.

Howard: Thank you. Bernadette Maryann Rostenkowski…

Bernadette: Oh, God. What’s happening?

Howard: I know things haven’t been perfect with us, and we’ve had our problems, but I just have to tell you, from the moment I…

Bernadette: Howard, let me just stop you right here.

Raj: This is it.

Bernadette: Yes.

Howard: Yes, what?

Bernadette: Yes, I will marry you.

Howard: You will?

Raj: You will?

Bernadette: I will. I will!

Howard: Oh, I love you so much.

Bernadette: Oh, I love you, too.

Leonard: Congratulations!

Priya: Oh, it’s so exciting.

Amy: I wonder what changed her mind.

Sheldon: Perhaps your talk of my sexual prowess renewed her faith in love.

Amy: As good an explanation as any.

Leonard: That’s great.

Scene: Penny’s door. 

Penny: Oh, hey, Amy. Bernadette just texted me. Howard proposed?

Amy: Yes, not important. Just stopped by to let you know I’m getting orthotics. Also, I’m carrying Sheldon’s baby. Mum’s the word.

Scene: The stairwell, moments later. Leonard is reading a text message. 

Leonard: You’re pregnant?

Amy: Wow. Is there anything on there about orthotics?



























Series 4 Episode 21 – The Agreement Dissection
Scene: The bathroom

Sheldon: Leonard, are you in the shower?

Leonard: I can’t hear you, I’m in the shower.

Sheldon: I asked if you were in the shower, but that’s moot now.

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: Moot. Rendered unimportant by recent events.

Leonard: I can’t hear you, I’m in the shower.

Sheldon: I have to skip the chitchat. Emergency.

Leonard: What kind of emergency?

Sheldon: Mathematical. 32-ounce banana smoothie, 16-ounce bladder.

Leonard: You might not want to do that.

Sheldon: I assure you I do.

Leonard: Sheldon, I’m not alone in here.

Sheldon: What?

Priya: Hello, Sheldon.

Sheldon: What are you doing in there? She can’t be in here.

Leonard: We were in here first, you can’t be in here.

Sheldon: According to the roommate agreement, paragraph nine, subsection B, the right to bathroom privacy is suspended in the event of force majeure. And believe me, I am experiencing a very majeure force.

Sheldon: Come on, you can’t wait two minutes?

Priya: Oh, Leonard, let the man pee.

Scene: Penny’s door. 

 

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?

Penny: What?

Sheldon: Move. Move. Move!

Credits sequence. 

 

Scene: The apartment.

Sheldon: Dr. Leonard Hofstadter, you are officially charged with two violations of the roommate agreement. Do you waive reading of the charges?

Leonard: Yeah, fine.

Priya: Hang on. No, my client does not waive reading of the charges.

Leonard: Oh. Cool. I’ve got a lawyer. And I’ve seen her naked.

Priya: Proceed.

Sheldon: Very well. Count the first, on or about the 28th day of April, the accused did knowingly and with malice aforethought deny access to the shared bathroom in a time of emergency, to wit, my back teeth were floating. Count the second, the accused exceeded the agreed upon occupancy of the shower, to wit, one, unless we are under attack by water-soluble aliens.

Priya: Can I see the roommate agreement?

Sheldon: Um, it’s fairly technical.

Priya: I think I can handle it.

Leonard: Top of her class, Cambridge University. Licensed to practice law in three countries. And your face.

Priya: All right, based on a cursory reading, it doesn’t look like you have much of a case, Sheldon.

Sheldon: Do so, do so.

Priya: Oh, I’m afraid not. Section seven here, on the right to enter the bathroom in emergency situations, is not specific as to what constitutes an emergency.

Sheldon: Oh, that’s ridiculous. A bathroom emergency is self-explanatory.

Priya: Is it? If Leonard forgot to trim his nose hair, could he barge in while you were showering?

Sheldon: Irrelevant. Leonard doesn’t trim his nose hair. He thinks because he’s short nobody can see up there.

Priya: My point is, Sheldon, the legal principle is ambiguity in a contract benefits the party that did not draft it, in this case, Leonard. So much for count one.

Sheldon: But…

Priya: There’s no buts, Sheldon, that’s how the law works.

Leonard: Schooled!

Priya: As for the shower capacity issue, I cite addendum J. When Sheldon showers second, any and all measures shall be taken to ensure an adequate supply of hot water. I believe this supercedes the occupancy issue.

Leonard: Superceded!

Sheldon: This isn’t over.

Leonard: No offence, but shower sex with you is now the second best thing that’s happened today.

Scene: The apartment. 

Raj: Mmm, Greek food on pizza night? This is the most delightfully cruel thing we’ve done to Sheldon since we left that fake message from Stephen Hawking on his voice mail.

Priya: Seriously?

Howard (in Stephen Hawking voice): I wish to discuss your theories of black holes. Meet me at the Randy’s Donut by the airport at 2:00 a.m.

Sheldon: What is that you’re eating? Tonight is pizza night.

Leonard: I’d like to refer that to my attorney.

Priya: According to what I see here, Thursday nights are Franconi’s pizza night.

Sheldon: Yes, and when Franconi’s went out of business, we switched to Graziano’s.

Howard: That’s interesting. Can you just switch restaurants like that, Priya?

Priya: A good question, Howard. Turns out you can’t. According to the document you drew up, Sheldon, the selection of a new takeout restaurant requires public hearings and a 60-day comment period. Were those criteria met?

Sheldon: No.

All: Opa!

Sheldon: This is Greek food? Leonard, you hate Greek food.

Leonard: Not as much as you.

Sheldon: Fine. I’m nothing if not adaptable.

Leonard: I got you the lamb kabob.

Sheldon: Thank you. If you think about it, Greek food isn’t that far from italian food. They share a spice palette. And what a civilization is the Greeks. They gave us science, democracy, and little cubes of charred meat that taste like sweat.

Scene: Penny’s door. 

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?

Penny: Hey. What’s up?

Sheldon: The mean Indian lady tried to make me eat lamb. Congratulations. Pizza night will now be at your apartment. Order one.

Penny: Oh, I’m sorry, honey, I’m meeting Amy and Bernadette for dinner. But you’re welcome to tag along.

Sheldon: A girls night? Oh, I don’t know if I’m up for an evening talking about rainbows, unicorns and menstrual cramps.

Penny: Okay, suit yourself. We’ll probably be trashing Priya a little.

Sheldon: Shotgun.

Scene: A bar.

Penny: Okay, I’d like to propose a toast to a wonderful girls night out.

Amy: Fair warning, we can get ker-razy.

Bernadette: Yeah. Last week we smoked cigars and pretended to be dragons.

Sheldon: Really, Amy? Tobacco and alcohol? Need I remind you not a lot of scientific discoveries were made by people having a good time?

Amy: Why did you bring him? He’s harshing my buzz.

Penny: I felt sorry for him. Priya’s giving him a hard time.

Bernadette: Ooh, the Priya bashing’s starting early. Yay! Okay, what’s up with those pantsuits?

Amy: I need some context.

Penny: Pantsuits suck.

Amy: And that opens her up To justifiable ridicule for wearing them. Good one, Bernadette. See? Ker-razy.

Scene: The same, later.

Bernadette: Whee-ee-ee!

Amy: You smell like baby powder.

Sheldon: It’s talc. But as that’s a primary ingredient of baby powder, I understand your confusion.

Amy: Oh, I’m not confused at all. You’re like a sexy toddler.

Sheldon: I don’t know how to process that.

Bernadette: I do. Amy and Sheldon sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-S-S-I-N-G.

Penny: That’s too many S’s for kissing.

Bernadette: Not if they’re doing it for a long time.

Penny: Sheldon, have you ever kissed a girl?

Sheldon: Other than my mother, my sister and my mee-maw, no. But in the interest of full disclosure, I was once on a bus and had to give mouth-to-mouth resuscitation to an elderly nun who passed out from heat exhaustion. Every year I get a Christmas card from her, signed with far too many X’s and O’s.

Bernadette: That doesn’t count. Aren’t you even a little curious?

Penny: Yeah, you’re a scientist, where is the curiosity?

Amy: I’m available for experimentation.

Sheldon: Thank you. Not necessary. We know everything there is to know about kissing. It requires 34 facial muscles and 112 postural muscles.

Amy: Oh, blah, blah, blah. Give me some sugar, bestie (kisses Penny).

Sheldon: I’m certainly glad no one said they were curious about Aztec human sacrifice.

Penny: Hey, I know, let’s take Sheldon dancing.

Bernadette: Oh, I totally want to see Sheldon dance. I bet he looks like a spider on a hot plate.

Sheldon: No, thank you, but for the record, I’m an excellent dancer. Proficient in the rumba, waltz and cha-cha.

Amy: Really?

Sheldon: I don’t see why that’s surprising. I excel at so many things. You’ve had my sourdough bread.

Penny: Did you take dance lessons?

Sheldon: Against my will. In the South, pre-adolescent children are forced through a process called cotillion, which indoctrinates them with all the social graces and dance skills needed to function in 18th century Vienna.

Penny: Oh, we are so taking you dancing.

Sheldon: No, you most certainly are not.

Bernadette: Well, what does your cotillion training say is expected of a gentleman when three ladies ask him to escort them to a dance soiree?

Sheldon: I saved a nun’s life. Why am I being punished?

Scene: A taxi.

 

Penny: Take us to a place we can waltz.

Taxi driver: Where you can what?

Sheldon: Waltz. It’s a social dance from Austria, choreographed to a three-four time signature. (Sings Blue Danube. The taxi driver says something into radio in Korean. The word “waltz” is included. Dispatcher replies also in Korean. Taxi driver sings Blue Danube. Dispatcher says “oh, waltz!” They speak Korean some more. )

Taxi Driver: Here we go.

Amy (singing): I kissed a girl and I liked it, I hope my boyfriend don’t mind it.

Sheldon: What happened to you?

Scene: A Korean ballroom dancing club. Sheldon and Amy are dancing. 

Penny: Shake it baby, shake it!

Bernadette: Muy caliente, Sheldon!

Elderly Korean Gentleman: Care to dance?

Bernadette: Oh, I’m sorry, I’m engaged.

Korean: How about you?

Penny: Oh, what the hell. Ooh!

Scene: Outside Amy’s apartment. 

Amy: How come if we’re the smart people, we don’t do this every night?

Sheldon: What’s 16 times 14?

Amy: My burps taste like cranberry juice.

Sheldon: And there’s your answer.

Amy: Would you like to come in for a nightcap?

Sheldon: If you’re referring to the beverage, you know I don’t drink. If you’re referring to the hat you don while wearing a nightshirt and holding a candle, I have one.

Amy: I have yoo-hoo.

Sheldon: It’s hard to say no to yoo-hoo. The name literally beckons.

Amy: Make yourself comfortable.

Sheldon: Thank you. Is someone smoking?

Amy: Oh, that’s just Ricky.

Sheldon: You own a smoking monkey?

Amy: Don’t be silly. He’s one of the animals in my department’s nicotine addiction study.

Sheldon: What’s he doing here?

Amy: I’m giving him emphysema. The least I can do is let him hang out and watch cable.

Sheldon: Remarkable. Aren’t you worried about secondhand smoke?

Amy: A little. The real danger is him biting my face off while I’m sleeping.

Sheldon: is he deliberately blowing smoke at me?

Amy: Yeah. He’s kind of an ass.

Sheldon: Thank you. May I share something with you that’s troubling me?

Amy: Of course. What’s rattling around that big bulbous brain of yours?

Sheldon: Priya has essentially nullified my roommate agreement with Leonard, making life in the apartment very uncomfortable for me.

Amy: And you want me to kill her? Done.

Sheldon: No, of course not.

Amy: I trained Ricky how to smoke. I can train him to shoot a poison dart. No jury would convict us ’cause people love monkeys.

Sheldon: I understand the alcohol has stirred up whatever it is that makes girls go wild, but I really need to talk to smart Amy now.

Amy: Excuse me. Have you considered that your intelligence might be the very thing causing your dilemma?

Sheldon: No.

Amy: What do you think Ricky over here would do if an interloper encroached on his territory?

Sheldon: Well, when challenged, monkeys generally assert their dominance through chasing, assault and a stylized penile display. That’s a little outside my comfort zone.

Amy: You’re being too literal. My point is, he would not meekly surrender to the rules, and neither should you.

Sheldon: Are you suggesting I play dirty?

Amy: Yes, dirty. Dirty, dirty, dirty. Which brings me to our next order of business. (Kisses him)

Sheldon: Fascinating.

Amy: I hope you don’t take what I’m about to do as a comment on what we just did. (Runs to bathroom and vomits)

Sheldon (to Ricky): Who’s to say you shouldn’t be dissecting our brains? You really are an ass.

Scene: The apartment. 

Leonard: Morning, Sheldon.

Sheldon: Oh, good, you’re up. I’ve written a new and improved roommate agreement that benefits me greatly. I’d like you to sign it.

Leonard: Why would I want to do that?

Sheldon: Excellent question. Do you remember what happened to the alien, played by talented character actor Frank Gorshin, in the Star Trek episode Let That Be Your Last Battlefield?

Leonard: Uh, Captain Kirk activated the self-destruct sequence and threatened to blow up the Enterpriseand kill them both unless he gave in?

Sheldon: Affirmative. Computer, this is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Activate self-destruct sequence. Code 1-1-A-2-B.

Female Voice: Self-destruct sequence activated.

Leonard: What are you gonna do, Sheldon, blow up the apartment?

Sheldon: That was my first thought, but all my cool stuff is here.

Priya: So what happens when it counts down?

Sheldon: Unless Leonard signs the new agreement in the next 41 seconds, this computer will send an e-mail to your parents in India saying that you’re in a secret relationship with the whiter-than-marshmallow-fluff Leonard Hofstadter.

Priya: Oh, my God.

Leonard: What’s the big deal?

Priya: Trust me, it’s a big deal.

Leonard: They’re gonna find out about me eventually, right?

Priya: Yeah, of course, just not today.

Sheldon: 20 seconds.

Leonard: Are you ashamed of me?

Priya: Of course not.

Leonard: Then why can’t we tell your parents?

Priya: Please, don’t push this.

Sheldon: He does that all the time, doesn’t he? 15.

Priya: Okay, fine, Sheldon, you win. Turn it off.

Leonard: No, he’s bluffing.

Sheldon: I never bluff. Ten.

Leonard: It’s blackmail!

Sheldon: Nine.

Priya: We give up.

Sheldon: Eight.

Leonard: This is ridiculous. (Pulls out plug)

Sheldon: It’s a laptop with a full charge. Honestly, what do you see in him?

Priya: Give him what he wants or we’re done.

Sheldon: Three.

Leonard: Really?

Sheldon: Two.

Leonard: Okay, I’ll sign it!

Female Voice: Self-destruct sequence aborted.

Sheldon: You may have gone to Cambridge, but I’m an honorary graduate of Starfleet academy.

Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is at his laptop. 

Sheldon: Good morning, Amy.

Amy: It most assuredly is not.

Sheldon: Are you experiencing dehydration, headache, nausea and shame?

Amy: Yes. I also found a Korean man’s business card tucked into my cleavage. What happened last night?

Sheldon: Ah, memory impairment, the free prize at the bottom of every vodka bottle.

Amy: Sheldon?

Sheldon: All right. Last night you gave me some excellent advice regarding my problem here at home, you kissed me and then vomited on and off for 40 minutes, following which you passed out on your bathroom floor. I then folded a towel under your head as a pillow, set your oven clock to the correct time because it was driving me crazy, and I left.

Amy: Okay. Don’t really know where we go from here.

Sheldon: I suggest we treat our relationship as if it were a crashed computer and restore it to the last point we both agree it worked.

Amy: Terrific. Thank you. (Noise of Ricky in background) They were out of menthols! Get off my back! Not easy living with a temperamental little primate.

Leonard (off): Come on, Priya, just admit I embarrass you!

Sheldon: You’re preaching to the choir, sister.



















































Series 4 Episode 22 – The Wildebeest Implementation
Scene: A public washroom. Amy and Penny are in cubicles, Bernadette is washing her hands.

Amy: I must say, Penny, this is great fun.

Penny: Glad you’re enjoying yourself.

Amy: Until I met you and Bernadette, my trips to the bathroom had been entirely focused on elimination. Now they have a delightful social aspect.

Bernadette: Amy, you must’ve been in the bathroom with other women before.

Amy: Of course I have. But they were strangers and seemed off-put when I engaged in friendly stall-to-stall chit-chat.

Bernadette: Some women don’t like to get chummy when their panties are down.

Amy: You okay in there, bestie?

Penny: I’m fine.

Amy: The reason I ask is that many people experience bladder shyness, the inability to pass urine

Penny: Yeah, I said I’m fine. Stop talking to me.

Amy: She always this crabby when she urinates?

Bernadette: We’re really not that close.

Penny: Screw it. I’ll go later.

Amy: And I’ll be right by your side.

Scene: A shoe shop. 

Bernadette: Did I tell you Priya invited me and Howard to have dinner with her and Leonard?

Penny: Oh, that’s nice.

Amy: No, it’s not. It’s a strategic manoeuvre. Leonard’s new girlfriend is testing Bernadette’s loyalty to you and the group. That bitch is crafty.

Bernadette: You think?

Amy: Of course. How does the cheetah attack a herd of wildebeests? By going after its weakest member.

Bernadette: Well, what makes me the weakest member?

Amy: Your trusting nature coupled with your teeny-tiny body. You wouldn’t last a minute on the Serengeti.

Penny: Okay, Amy, you’re being silly. I am not concerned about who hangs out with who. And I certainly don’t have a problem with Leonard’s new girlfriend who wears way too much makeup. Ooh, these are cute. Of course if I buy them, I’ll have to rent my womb out to a gay couple.

Bernadette: It doesn’t matter. I’m going to tell her we can’t make it.

Amy: Oh, no. You have to go.

Bernadette: I don’t understand. I thought I was a teeny-tiny wildebeest.

Amy: You are, with hair that smells like strawberries. And we’re going to use that to our advantage.

Penny: Wait. What are you talking about?

Amy: By accepting the invitation, Bernadette becomes a double agent inside the enemy camp. She could ferret out Priya’s tactics, identify her weaknesses and feed her false information, such as, Leonard’s no stranger to back-alley cockfights.

Bernadette: I don’t know. I’m not a very good liar. They kind of whup that out of you in Catholic school.

Amy: Don’t worry. I’ll teach you. I did two years of Cub Scouts before they found out I was a girl.

Penny: Okay, I don’t know you people. I’m just an innocent woman wondering if this shoe store will take my Texaco card.

Amy: How do you feel about concealing a recording device in the cleavage of your ample bosom?

Bernadette: I don’t want anything in my ample bosom.

Amy: Come on, Strawberries. Take one for the team.

Credits sequence 

Leonard: Okay, see you later.

Sheldon: Good news. I finally have a handle on my idea for three-person chess.

Leonard: That is good news. Bye.

Sheldon: Uh, do you know how I solved the balanced centre combat-area problem? Five words, transitional quadrilateral to triangular tessellation.

Leonard: That, that’s brilliant.

Sheldon: It’s what I do. But wait, there’s more. I also invented two new chess pieces. The serpent, and the old woman.

Leonard: Okay, now I have to ask. What do they do?

Sheldon: When the serpent slithers to an opposing player’s piece, that piece is considered poisoned and will die after two more moves. Ugh.

Leonard: All right.

Sheldon: Unless, it gets to the old woman in time, in which case she sucks out the poison, turning her into the Grand Empress, a piece combining the power of the knight, queen and serpent.

Leonard: Elegant.

Sheldon: That’s because it’s simple.

Leonard: Okay, well, I look forward to playing with you.

Sheldon: And…

Leonard: And what?

Sheldon: And a third person. It’s three-person chess. I must say, ever since you started having regular intercourse, your mind has lost its keen edge. You should reflect on that.

Leonard: Excuse me, but Einstein had a pretty busy sex life.

Sheldon: Yes, and he never unified gravity with the other forces. If he hadn’t been such a hound dog, we’d all have time machines.

Leonard: Got it. Bye.

Sheldon: You know I’m right.

Leonard (outside apartment): I think he’s getting worse.

Amy: Oh, my metatarsal are barking.

Leonard: You okay?

Amy: Yeah, yeah. I’m just breaking in some new shoes.

Leonard: Very pretty.

Amy: Thank you. Did you know that women wear high heels to make the buttocks and breasts more prominent?

Leonard: Hadn’t really thought about it.

Amy: Look.

Leonard: Uh, sure. Very… prominent.

Amy: Please, Leonard, don’t leer, you have a girlfriend.

Leonard: Sorry.

Amy: So, are you off to dinner with Priya, Howard and Bernadette?

Leonard: Yeah. How did you know?

Amy: I heard it at the mall, when I was shopping with my girlfriends, ’cause, you know, that’s kind of my life now. Have a good night. Try not to ogle my caboose as I walk away.

Scene: Raj’s apartment.

Priya: Hey, you.

Leonard: Hi. Hey, Raj, will you be joining us for dinner?

Raj: The lonely guy and the two happy couples? I’d rather get a prostate exam from a leper who walks away with nine fingers.

Priya: Oh, would you please stop feeling sorry for yourself?

Raj: I have to feel sorry for myself. I’m the only one who cares. Just like I’m the only one who’ll have sex with me.

Leonard: Really? In front of your sister?

Priya: We shared a room growing up. This is not news to me.

Raj: Excuse me. I’m going to go wander the streets alone. Invisible, unwanted and unloved, a pathetic shadow in a city with no heart. (Leaves, then returns a moment later) I forgot my windbreaker. It’s chilly.

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Amy: I don’t understand. Is this a way to break in new shoes?

Penny: No. Once these puppies touch the ground they’re mine, and I’ll have to wear them walking up and down Hollywood Boulevard in order to pay them off. Pretty, pretty, pretty.

Amy: Good news: the wildebeest is in the curry.

Penny: The what?

Amy: Bernadette is with Priya and Leonard. Message received. Commence operation “Priya Wouldn’t Wanna Be-ya.”

Penny: Hey. Seriously? Didn’t you get enough of this cliquey crap in high school?

Amy: I wish. A clique requires friends. I didn’t have any.

Penny: None?

Amy: I used to take my lunch down to the maintenance room and eat with the janitor. It was nice until his wife called me a puta and made me stop. Hang on. It’s the wildebeest. Priya just made a snide comment about your acting career.

Penny: Wh… What the hell did she say?

Amy: She thinks it’s cool you’re following your dream, no matter what.

Penny: That bitch!

Amy: How do you want to handle it?

Penny: Um, okay. Tell Bernadette to tell Priya that I’m on my way to Prague to shoot a movie with Angelina Jolie.

Amy: Got it. Is it going to be in 3-D?

Penny: What? I don’t know. It doesn’t matter.

Amy: I’m gonna say 3-D. That’ll let her know the studio has faith in it.

Scene: Raj’s apartment.

Leonard: You’re kidding. 3-D?

Bernadette: That’s what I hear.

Howard: Then the studio must have real faith in it.

Leonard: Wonder why she didn’t tell me.

Priya: Have you been spending time with your ex-girlfriend?

Leonard: No.

Priya: Then why are you surprised she didn’t tell you?

Leonard: Well, it’s not as much surprised as, uh, uh, you know, uh. th-th-th-the other thing.

Priya: What other thing?

Leonard: Well, you know, if you, if, if, if you, uh, I don’t, oh, what’s the word I’m looking for?

Howard: I’m not going to help you. This is hilarious.

Bernadette: She’s also dating an astronaut.

Priya: Wow. That’s very impressive.

Bernadette: Yeah. But Leonard’s impressive, too.

Leonard: Thank you. Befuddled. The word I was looking for was befuddled.

Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is playing three person chess by himself. 

Sheldon: Knight to old woman six-and-a-third. Brilliant move. Thank you. (Knock on door) Will the two of you excuse me?

Raj: I need a hug.

Sheldon: Sorry, I have company.

Raj: Come on, Sheldon, open the door.

Sheldon: I don’t want to hug you.

Raj: I don’t want to hug you, either. I was just feeling blue.

Sheldon: Blue, as in depressed.

Raj: Well, not so much depressed as lonely.

Sheldon: I don’t know what colour lonely is.

Raj: What?

Sheldon: Red is angry, yellow is frightened, green is jealous and blue is depressed. Perhaps we can assign a colour to lonely.

Raj: Nothing rhymes with orange. It’s probably lonely.

Sheldon: All right. Come in. You look positively orange with loneliness. No, I don’t see that catching on at all.

Raj: What are you doing?

Sheldon: I’m working on my three-person chess game.

Raj: Oh, cool. Can I play?

Sheldon: It’s three-person chess. Did you bring a friend?

Raj: No.

Sheldon: Then as a mental exercise I invite you to figure out why the two of us can’t play three-person chess. Can you believe this guy? Social protocol does, however, require me to bring you a hot beverage in your time of need.

Raj: No, thank you. I’m fine.

Sheldon: It’s not optional. We’re out of tea. I hope you like bouillon.

Raj: I, uh, I guess you’re probably wondering what’s got me down.

Sheldon: Actually, I was wondering if I could add a third new chess piece. How do you think people would feel about Prince Joey, the king’s feeble-minded but well-meaning cousin?

Raj: I’m going to be 30 years old, and I have no one in my life to love me. I’m such a basket case, I can’t even talk to a woman without having alcohol in my body.

Sheldon: The fun thing about Prince Joey is every time he moves, there’s a one-in-five chance he’ll kill himself.

Raj: Sheldon, listen to me. I have a big decision to make, and I’m scared.

Sheldon: Yellow. Go ahead.

Raj: A friend at the School of Pharmacology gave me these new pills they’re testing. He says it’s the next big thing for social anxiety disorder.

Sheldon: Fascinating. What’s in it?

Raj: I’m not sure. Some sort of beta-blocker attached to a molecule extracted from the urine of cows.

Sheldon: I like cows.

Raj: That’s not the point.

Sheldon: It was its own point. Go on.

Raj: I’m a scientist. My ability to think is my bread and butter. I’m afraid if I take this, I might lose that special, unique something that makes me so successful in my field.

Sheldon: Rajesh, I’ve had the privilege of working alongside you for many years. My recommendation is that you gobble these up like Tic Tacs.

Scene: Raj’s apartment. 

Howard: Okay, I’m still trying to work this out. How did Penny meet an astronaut?

Bernadette: I don’t know. The regular way people meet astronauts.

Howard: Most of those guys live in Texas.

Bernadette: Obviously, this one doesn’t.

Howard: Okay.

Bernadette: Leonard lives here. Priya’s from India. People meet, Howard. God!

Howard: Fine.

Bernadette: You’ve met lots of astronauts, and I’ve never grilled you about that. I’d thank you to extend me the same courtesy.

Howard: I’m not grilling you, I was just curious.

Leonard: I still can’t get over the fact that she got a big movie part. Not that I care what my ex-girlfriend’s up to, ’cause I don’t.

Bernadette: Maybe that’s where she met the astronaut, all right?

Priya: I’m sorry. What would an astronaut be doing working on a movie?

Bernadette: He’s a consultant.

Leonard: I thought the movie was about 18th-century Vienna?

Bernadette: He can’t have a hobby? Excuse me, I have to pee. Or is that implausible, as well?

Howard: It’s nice to have another couple to hang with, isn’t it?

Scene: Penny’s apartment. 

Penny (to the shoes): All right, guys, you have to go back. I can’t afford you. “No, don’t send

us away, we love you.” I love you, too, but you cost more than my rent. “But, Penny, you look so good in us.” Damn it, the shoes are right.

Amy: Good golly, Penny, your whimsy is boundless. (Phone rings) What do you got for me, wildebeest?

Bernadette (in Raj’s bathroom): I think they’re on to me. The story’s starting to fall apart.

Amy: Calm down. Everything’s going to be okay. (To Penny) We may have to kill her. Bernadette, I’m putting you on speakerphone. Where are you now?

Bernadette: In the bathroom.

Amy: Oh, look at this, another one of our classic bathroom gabfests. What’s the problem?

Bernadette: They’re just asking me all sorts of questions I can’t answer.

Amy: Just change the subject.

Bernadette: I suppose I could get them back to talking about Leonard going to India to meet Priya’s parents.

Penny: What?

Bernadette: They said something about going there this summer.

Penny: What, are they getting engaged?

Bernadette: I don’t know. I was too busy covering my heinie on Amy’s stupid astronaut story!

Amy: What astronaut story?

Bernadette: You texted me Penny’s dating an astronaut.

Amy: I texted architect. That’s amusing. Auto-correct must’ve changed it.

Bernadette: Yeah, it’s hysterical.

Penny: All right, look, just forget about the astronaut.

Amy: Architect. Where would you have met an astronaut?

Penny: Look, just find out what’s up with this trip to India.

Bernadette: I don’t want to do this anymore!

Penny: Don’t you quit on us!

Howard (knocking on bathroom door): Bernie, you okay?

Bernadette (screaming): It was an architect!

Scene: A coffee shop.

Raj: Thank you for coming with me, Sheldon. You’re a good friend.

Sheldon: I’m glad you think so. That’s what I strive to emulate.

Raj: Okay, let’s see if this drug works.

Woman at table: Can I help you?

Raj: Forgive me for staring, but you’re very beautiful.

Woman: Thank you. That’s a great accent. Where are you from?

Raj: India.

Woman: Oh, cool. I’ve always wanted to go there.

Raj: It’s a beautiful country. You’d love it. May I join you?

Woman: Uh, okay, sure. Why not?

Raj: My name is Dr. Rajesh Koothrappali, and this is my friend Dr. Sheldon Cooper.

Woman: Hi.

Sheldon: Oh, there’s no need to interact with me. I’m just here to observe.

Woman: What’s he observing?

Raj: We’re scientists. We observe everything. Here, go buy yourself a scone.

Sheldon: All right.

Raj: And what is your name?

Woman: Angela.

Raj: Oh, derived from the word angel. Appropriate.

Angela: You’re cute.

Sheldon: I’d like to buy a scone.

Server: Oh, I’m sorry, we’re out. We have muffins.

Sheldon: They sound delicious, but this money is earmarked for scones.

Angela: What are you doing?

Raj (taking his shirt off): Oh, just getting comfortable. So how long have you lived in Los Angeles?

Angela: I…

Sheldon: They were out of scones.

Raj (removing his trousers): Sheldon, I’m talking to someone. You’re being rude. I’ll bet you’re an actress. If not, you should be. You have a very expressive face.

Angela: Oh, my God.

Raj: Wait, where are you going? We were doing so well. She never even got to see my penis. Ta-da!

Scene: Raj’s apartment. They are playing Jenga, 

Priya: Who wants some more coffee?

Leonard: Thanks, yeah.

Howard: Sure.

Bernadette: Let me help you.

Howard: Nice to see that the gals are getting along.

Leonard: Gals? Who are you, Fred Flintstone?

Bernadette: This trip to India sounds fun.

Priya: Yeah, I think it will be.

Bernadette: Are you concerned your parents might not approve of Leonard?

Priya: A little. They’re very old-fashioned.

Bernadette: Well, I wouldn’t worry about it. It’s not like you guys are getting engaged, right?

Priya: Oh, God, no. We’re not there yet.

Bernadette: Not engaged. Very interesting. I have to tinkle.

Priya: You’ve been in there a lot tonight. Are you okay?

Bernadette: Yes. Are you writing a book?

Priya: Why are you getting upset?

Bernadette: I’m not upset. Maybe you’re upset.

Priya: What’s up with you? Bernadette?

Bernadette: I can’t do this anymore! I’m a good girl! I went to Catholic school! (Storms out,)

Howard: Okay, well, it’s getting late. This was terrific. You win. Bernie?

Leonard: I think the word you’re looking for is befuddled.

Scene: The apartment. Sheldon, Leonard and Howard are playing three person chess. 

Sheldon: My catapult flings my bishop to Howard’s Queen’s Gorilla two.

Howard: Nice. Okay, rook to transporter pad. And he comes out at Leonard’s Queen’s Bishop

five-and-a-third. Check on Leonard.

Leonard: Hang on. When is my pawn allowed to use the golf cart?

Sheldon: When it’s done charging. Or you land on the time machine. Obviously.

Leonard: Oh, oh, Beekeeper to King 12. I capture your Pope and release the swarm. Checkmate on Sheldon.

Sheldon: I knew I should have given my Pope the jet pack.

Raj (still naked): Hey, I’ve got winners.
















































Series 4 Episode 23 – The Engagement Reaction
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory

Penny: Hey, do me a favour and take table seven.

Bernadette: You mean the one with my one hundred and eighteen-pound rock-hard stud of a fiancé who’s prone to canker sores and pinkeye?

Penny: Nah, I prefer to look at it as the one with my ex-boyfriend and his gorgeous, successful and sophisticated girlfriend, who makes me feel like a toothless Okie.

Bernadette: Do you want me to spill hot soup on her?

Penny: Oh, please, you’re not that kind of person.

Bernadette: I know. But if she orders something low-fat I’ll totally give her the full-fat version.

Leonard: Uh, that’s my water.

Sheldon: What?

Leonard: My water. You’re drinking it.

Sheldon: Dear Lord! Have you been drinking it?

Leonard: Yes. It’s my water.

Sheldon: Well, that’s it then. I’m dead.

Leonard: Here we go.

Sheldon: I’m sorry, do I really need to connect the dots for you? The backwash into this glass is every pathogen that calls your mouth home, sweet home. Not to mention the visitors who arrive on the dancing tongue of your subtropical girlfriend.

Raj: Hey! That’s my sister and my country you’re talking about. Leonard may have defiled one, but I won’t have you talking smack about the other.

Bernadette: You guys ready to order?

Sheldon: Yes, I’d like a seven-day course of penicillin, some, uh, syrup of ipecac, to induce vomiting, and a mint.

Bernadette: I don’t understand.

Howard: He drank from Leonard’s glass.

Sheldon: He drank from Leonard’s glass. Words they’ll be carving into my tombstone.

Leonard: That’s actually my napkin.

Sheldon: Oh, this is a nightmare!

Howard: Where are you going?

Sheldon: To the bar, to sterilize my mouth with alcohol. Gang way! Dead man walking!

Credits sequence.

Scene: The same. 

Bernadette: All right. Here you go. Two lemonades, one iced tea and a root beer for Priya.

Priya: Is it diet?

Bernadette: That’s what you ordered.

Priya: Thank you. Hey, have you and Howard started planning your wedding yet?

Bernadette: Yeah. We’re thinking of having it on a cliff overlooking the ocean.

Howard: Nothing soothes those pre-wedding jitters like the thought of falling and drowning.

Leonard: What did your mother say when you told her you were getting married?

Bernadette: He hasn’t told her yet. He’s waiting for the right time.

Howard: I was thinking of weaving it into her eulogy.

Priya: Howard, you’ve got to tell your mother.

Howard: Hey, have you told your parents you’re dating this short glass of skim milk here?

Priya: Uh, that’s different. First of all, we’re not engaged, and second, Indian parents are very protective of their children.

Howard: Right, right, whereas Jewish mothers take a casual, la-di-da approach to their sons.

Sheldon: I gargled with tequila and may have swallowed a teeny bit.

Leonard: You all right?

Sheldon: Fine. Thank you for asking. I love you so much.

Scene: The apartment. 

Sheldon: Fire demon.

Raj: Ooh, fire demon. Sheldon’s turning up the heat.

Howard: Troll master.

Raj: Check it! Howard pulls one out from under the bridge. Nice!

Leonard: Water nymph.

Raj: Oh, yeah, she’s got puddles in all the right places.

Sheldon: Could you please play the game without commenting on every card?

Raj: Sorry. Walking tree.

Sheldon: Last one.

Raj: I’m taking a stroll and I’m sporting wood.

Howard (reading a text): Okay, the Eagle has landed.

Leonard: What’s going on?

Howard: Bernadette and my mother are having a get-to-know-you lunch at the Old Town Deli.

Raj: Oh, that sounds lovely.

Howard: Hope so. Of course, if history is any indication, my mother will swallow her whole and spit out her bones like an owl.

Leonard: Have you met Bernadette’s parents?

Howard: You mean Adolf and Eva? Not yet. One goose step at a time.

Raj: Sheldon, that’s my water.

Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord!

Leonard: That’s not your water.

Raj: I know.

Sheldon: Where’s the mouthwash?

Raj (holding it): Where indeed.

Scene: Howard’s house. 

Howard: Ma, I’m home! Where are you?

Mrs Wolowitz (off): I’m in the toilet.

Howard: So, how’d it go?

Mrs Wolowitz: Too soon to say. I’m not done yet.

Howard: No, I mean lunch, today, with Bernadette.

Mrs Wolowitz: Oh! I had a pastrami sandwich. She had eggplant lasagna. Like that’s what a person orders in a Jewish deli.

Howard: Besides food, did you get along? Did you talk?

Mrs Wolowitz: Oh, sure. Did you know she’s going to school to become a microbiologist?

Howard: No, she never mentioned it.

Mrs Wolowitz: I bet she did and you didn’t listen.

Howard: Yeah, that’s probably it. So, what do you think? Do you like her? She’s great, huh?

Mrs Wolowitz: She’s a lovely girl. Cute as a button.

Howard: That’s good to hear, ’cause I’ve got some news.

Mrs Wolowitz: I hope it’s good news, because I’ve got nothing but disappointment in here!

Howard: Bernadette and I are getting married. Ma? You too busy bearing down? Ma? (crashing sound from in bathroom) Oh, my God, Ma? Ma? Ma? Stand back, I’m gonna break the door down! (Runs at door. It doesn’t break down. Falls over.) Son of a bitch! Ma, help!

Scene: The laundry room.

Penny: Hey.

Sheldon: Hello.

Penny: Haven’t seen you in a while. How’s it going?

Sheldon: Oh, other than waiting out the exponential growth period of the virulent organisms trooping through my microvilli into my circulatory system, hunky-dory. (Penny laughs) Did I say something amusing?

Penny: I don’t know, maybe, I have no idea what you said.

Sheldon: So your mirth is merely a discharge of nervous energy with no semantic content at all?

Penny: My mirth. Classic.

Sheldon: Is there a station coming up where I can board your giggling train of thought?

Penny: It’s not a big deal, Sheldon. It’s just, ever since Leonard’s been dating Raj’s sister, I’ve had to keep my distance. I don’t get to hear all your jibber-jabber.

Sheldon: Jibber-jabber? I don’t jibber-jabber.

Penny: What are you doing at work these days?

Sheldon: Oh, I’m working on time-dependent backgrounds in string theory, specifically quantum field theory in D-dimensional de Sitter space.

Penny: Alright, come on, even you have to admit that’s jibber-jabber.

Sheldon: Interesting, do you know where the phrase jibber-jabber comes from?

Penny: Oh, my God, you’re about to jibber-jabber about jibber-jabber.

Leonard: Howard and his mother are at the hospital. Come on, we gotta go.

Penny: Oh, my God! What happened?

Leonard: I don’t know, I just got a text. Come on, hurry.

Penny: Okay.

Leonard: Sheldon, let’s go!

Sheldon: To a hospital? Full of sick people? Oh, I don’t think so.

Penny: Okay, well, your friend and his mother are there, we’re going.

Sheldon: I can’t.

Penny: Oh, don’t tell me you’re afraid of germs.

Sheldon: Not all germs. Just the ones that will kill me. It’s the same way I’m not afraid of all steak knives, just the ones that might be plunged in my thorax.

Leonard: Right, fine. I’ll tell Howard you didn’t come because you’re more concerned about your own well-being than his.

Sheldon: I would think he would know that.

Penny: Okay, you know what? You are unbelievable. You buy all these superhero T-shirts, but when it’s time for you to step up and do the right thing, you just hide in the laundry room.

Sheldon: Fine, I’ll go. Just for the record, my Aunt Ruth died in a hospital. She went in to visit my Uncle Roger, caught something and bit the dust a week later. The two of them now share a coffee can on my mother’s mantel.

Scene: A hospital waiting room. 

Howard: So I knocked down the bathroom door, picked up my poor unconscious mother, carried her to the car, and drove like a madman to the emergency room.

Bernadette: You’re a real hero, Howard.

Howard: No, I did what any son would do.

Penny: Hang on a second, you picked up your mother? Her own legs are barely able to do that.

Howard: I was filled with adrenaline. It happens to be how women lift cars off babies.

Penny: Yeah, I’m saying, it’d be easier to lift a car.

Howard: What can I tell you? After I found the courage to put her pants back on, I was unstoppable.

Leonard: So, how is she?

Howard: They’re running tests. I don’t know. It may have been a heart attack or heart-attack-like event.

Penny: What’s the difference?

Sheldon: A heart-attack-like event is an event that’s like a heart attack.

Penny: Thanks for clearing that up.

Sheldon: Regardless, coronary problems are eminently treatable. What’s more likely going to kill Howard’s mother are the antibiotic-resistant super-bugs festering in every nook and cranny of this hospital.

Penny: Okay, you’re not helping.

Sheldon: Disagree.

Leonard: Go sit over there.

Sheldon: I’ll sit over there, it looks cleaner.

Leonard: Is there a history of heart disease in your family?

Howard: My family is the history of heart disease. There’s a cave painting in France of one of my ancestors doing this (clutches chest).

Bernadette: So it’s probably genetic.

Howard: Well, maybe. Mom also had just gotten some news that might have upset her.

Bernadette: What?

Howard: It’s not important.

Bernadette: Come on, Howard, I’m going to be your wife. You can share anything with me.

Howard: You’d think that. But no.

Bernadette: You told her we were going to get married and she had a heart attack?

Howard: You can’t take that personally.

Penny: How else is she supposed to take it?

Howard: What you’ve got to keep in mind is that ever since my dad left, I’ve been the whole world to my mother. I mean, she’d be threatened by any woman who can give me what she can’t.

Bernadette: You mean sexual intercourse?

Howard: Well, when you say it like that you make it sound creepy.

Priya (arriving): What happened?

Bernadette: Howard’s mother had a heart attack because I have sex with him and she can’t.

Howard: Bernie, wait!

Sheldon (to Raj): I’ll give you $1,000 if you’ll drive me home.

Scene: The same, later.

Priya: Nice of you to come for Howard.

Penny: Well, he’s my friend. It’s what you do. (Laughs)

Priya: I’m sorry, did I miss something?

Penny: It’s just so weird. Howard Wolowitz is my friend. You know, once he tried to stick his tongue down my throat and I broke his nose.

Priya: That’s a little easier to believe than he’s your friend.

Penny: Yeah, tell me about it.

Priya: You know, my brother had a group of friends like this in India. They dressed up in leotards and goggles and called themselves the New Delhi Power Rangers.

Penny: You mean when he was little.

Priya: Not as little as you’d want him to be.

Penny: You know, this stuff is horrible. You want to see if we can find the cafeteria and get real coffee?

Priya: Sure. We’re going to the cafeteria to get some coffee. You want anything?

Leonard: I’m fine. That’s nice that they’re getting along.

Raj: Your girlfriend and your ex-girlfriend are hanging out together? Oh, yeah, that can only be good for you.

Leonard: What are you talking about?

Raj: One of them broke up with you. Do you really want her telling the other one why?

Leonard: I don’t care. I don’t have anything to hide.

Raj: Good, good. Then you have nothing to worry about.

Leonard: No, I do not. You are a mean little man.

Raj: You’d think it’d be because my parents didn’t love me, but actually they loved me a great deal.

Howard: Bernie, it’s not you. She’s just set in her ways.

Bernadette: How can we be together if the thought of us getting married might kill your mother?

Howard: It’s the circle of life, sweetie. One day our son will marry someone and it will kill you.

Sheldon: Howard, I have to go to the bathroom and no one will take me home.

Howard: What’s wrong with the bathroom here?

Sheldon: Pneumococcus, streptococcus, staphylococcus and other assorted coccuses.

Howard: Sheldon, my mother is on her deathbed and my fiancée is grief-stricken over putting her there. I’m not taking you home.

Sheldon: Will you at least go with me to the restroom here, so you can open the door and flush the urinal?

Howard: No!

Sheldon: This might be a good time to point out, Howard, that friendship requires a certain give and take. Hold the door!

Doctor: Mr. Wolowitz?

Howard: Is she okay?

Doctor: It wasn’t a heart attack. She’s awake, she’s resting comfortably. We’re still running a few tests.

Howard: Can I see her?

Doctor: Actually, she said, and I quote, she’d like to see the little Catholic girl first.

Bernadette: Me? Why me?

Howard: Jews have been asking that for centuries. There’s no real good answer.

Bernadette: Okay, well, wish me luck.

Howard: Don’t worry, you’ll be fine. Let’s just hide Mr. Cross. If it touches her, it burns.

Doctor: You brought a Catholic girl home to your mother?

Howard: Yeah.

Doctor: Why don’t I write you a prescription for Xanax.

Scene: Outside the hospital washroom. A man enters. 339

Sheldon (exiting while the door is open): Finally. (Goes down corridor. Dodges into a door to avoid a coughing patient on a trolley. The room is full of doctors in hazmat suits.) Oh, what fresh hell is this?

Doctor: Wait, you can’t leave here, you’ve been exposed.

Sheldon: No, I haven’t. It’s all good.

Scene: A hospital corridor. 

Penny: You want to talk about crazy mothers, Leonard’s mom wouldn’t give him any sort of approval growing up.

Priya: Oh, the poor thing.

Penny: It makes him desperate to please women. That’s why the foreplay goes on and on.

Priya: It does, doesn’t it?

Penny: It’s like he’s trying to win a prize. A word of advice, don’t doze off. You will never hear the end of it.

Sheldon (through glass door pane): Help me! Come back! Penny!

Scene: The waiting room. 

Leonard: There are a couple of things I did with Penny that might be a little silly, but…

Raj: Like what?

Leonard: Every once in a while, before we’d go to bed, I’d put on a little show for her.

Raj: What do you mean, a show?

Leonard: Well, you know, the way I took my clothes off.

Raj: Like, to music?

Leonard: I’d look pretty stupid if there was no music.

Raj: So you’d do a striptease?

Leonard: I wasn’t swinging around a pole.

Raj: Good, good.

Leonard: There was one time I put body glitter on.

Raj: Well, I don’t think you have to worry about Penny telling my sister that.

Leonard: No, she wouldn’t.

Raj: Your big problem is me telling her.

Leonard: You really are a mean little man.

Priya: Oh, God, that’s so true.

Penny: Yeah, I know, right?

Leonard: Hey, what took you guys so long?

Priya: Oh, we were just chatting.

Leonard: That’s nice. What about?

Penny: We were just comparing notes about how you are in the sack.

Leonard: That’s funny.

Penny: Yeah.

Raj: What if she wasn’t kidding?

Leonard: It doesn’t matter. I’m the king of foreplay.

Howard: Hey, how’d it go?

Bernadette: You’re a putz. You know what that means?

Howard: Yeah. Do you?

Bernadette: Your mother just taught it to me. She thinks she got food poisoning from that deli and she just wanted to make sure I was okay.

Howard: And are you?

Bernadette: No, because I’m engaged to a putz. You let me believe I was the reason she had a heart attack.

Howard: Well, based on the available evid…

Bernadette: Shut up! She said I’m a wonderful girl and that you’re lucky to have me.

Howard: Where are you going?

Bermadette (in a voice like Mrs Wolowitz): To the toilet! Is that okay with you?

Howard: Is it just me, or does she sound sexy when she’s angry?

Scene: A hospital room. The guys except for Sheldon are in Hazmat suits. 

Sheldon: Mountain Elf.

Raj: He takes the elf from off the shelf.

Leonard: Hell Hounds.

Raj: Hell Hounds. Who let the Satanic dogs out? Who? Who-who?

Howard: Colossal Serpent.

Raj: I got a colossal serpent right here.

Sheldon: Must you?

Raj: Sorry, I’m just trying to cheer my buddy up. Rotting Zombie. Sheldon’s new Facebook photo.

Sheldon: Zandor, Wizard of the North. Ha! I win.

Howard: If you skip the part about being under a two-week quarantine because you were exposed to a deadly disease, absolutely.
































































Series 4 Episode 24 – The Roommate Transmogrification
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory

Penny: Hey, you guys ready to order?

Howard: Uh..

Leonard: Sure

Penny: Okay, Priya?

Priya: Uh, I’ll have the Shepherd’s Pie. You want to split that with me?

Leonard: Oh, no, no, no, he doesn’t.

Priya: Why not?

Leonard: Well, you have milk in the taters, milk in the gravy, parmesan crust. Your lactose-intolerant boyfriend will turn into a gas-filled Macy’s Day balloon.

Sheldon: Not quite accurate. The Macy’s balloons are filled with helium, whereas Leonard produces copious amounts of methane.

Leonard: So, no, on the Shepherd’s Pie. Can we move on?

Penny: Yeah, a little tip: he says he can eat frozen yoghurt. Do not believe it.

Leonard: Sea bass. I’ll have the sea bass.

Howard: You gotta like this, the girlfriend and the ex-girlfriend bonding over your rooty-tooty stinky booty.

Leonard: Kill me.

Sheldon: It wouldn’help. The human body is capable of being flatulent for hours after death.

Bernadette: Guys, sorry I’m late. I have amazing news.

Sheldon: Bernadette, before you change the subject, does anyone have any final comments on Leonard’s faulty digestive system?

Leonard: So, what’s your news, Bernadette?

Bernadette: The thesis committee accepted my doctoral dissertation. I’m getting my PhD.

Penny: Oh!

Sheldon: Oh, congratulations.

Penny: Wow, so that means you’re a doctor, you’re a doctor, you’re a doctor, you’re a doctor, and Howard, you know a lot of doctors.

Howard: Congratulations, honey.

Bernadette: Thank you.

Leonard: So, Howard, tell us, how’s it feel knowing that when you two get married, you’ll be referred to as Mr. and Dr. Wolowitz?

Sheldon: Unless he takes Bernadette’s last name. And considering her advanced status, that could open some doors for him.

Howard: Please, this isn’t about me. I’m proud of you.

Bernadette: Well, you’ll be really be proud of this. I was headhunted by a big pharmaceutical company. They’re gonna pay me a buttload of money!

Howard: What?

Leonard: Bernadette, that’s great. Howard, do you make a buttload?

Howard: Better than what you’ve got a buttload of.

Leonard: Hey, if I roll down the windows in the car, everything’s peachy. If you do it, you’re still not a doctor.

Penny: Yeah, just a heads-up on the car window deal. It helps, but everything is not peachy.

Credits sequence.

Scene: Raj’s apartment. 

Raj (earphones in, singing): Oh, if there was a problem, you can’t solve it, check out the hook while my DJ revolves it. Ice, Ice, baby. Ice, Ice, baby. (Removes headphones and goes to refrigerator).

Priya (off): Oh, God, I feel ridiculous in this dress.

Leonard (off): You look beautiful, Lieutenant Uhura. Now prepare for inspection.

Priya (off): Shh, my brother’s going to hear you.

Leonard (off): Relax, he’s got headphones on. And we’re ten miles above Earth in a starship.

Raj: Really, ten miles? You’re orbiting inside the atmosphere? Moron.

Priya (off): I can’t believe I’m wearing my brother’s Halloween costume.

Leonard (off): I can’t believe you think he only wears it on Halloween. Open the landing bay doors, shuttle craft approaching.

Raj: Okay, gotta go.

Scene: Howard’s house.

Howard: Hey, what’s up?

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Is that my future daughter-in-law, the doctor?

Howard: No, Ma! It’s Raj!

Mrs Wolowitz (off): He’s a doctor too, right?

Howard: Yes!

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Like Leonard and the skinny weirdo!

Howard: Sheldon, yes! Everybody’s a doctor but me!

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Well, whose fault is that?

Howard: What’s up?

Raj: Leonard’s putting disgusting memories in my memory foam mattress. Can I stay here tonight?

Howard: Sure, but I’m going out with Bernadette. It’ll just be you and my mother.

Raj: I guess that’s okay.

Howard: Ma, can Rajesh sleep over?!

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Of course, he and I can play doctor!

Raj: She’s kidding, right?

Howard: I don’t know, she’s pretty feisty since they put her on hormone-replacement therapy.

Mrs Wolowitz (off): Paging Dr. Cutie Pie!

Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is talking to Amy on webcam. 

Sheldon: I must say, Amy, I was very impressed to see that Bernadette got her PhD.

Amy: It’s indeed admirable. Although, it is microbiology.

Sheldon: Your doctorate is in neurobiology. I fail to see the distinction.

Amy: I’ll make it simple for you. I study the brain, the organ responsible for Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony. Bernadette studies yeast, the organism responsible for Michelob Lite. Is there something wrong with your neck?

Sheldon: It’s a little stiff. What a remarkably fragile structure to support such a valuable payload. Not unlike balancing a Faberge egg on a Pixie Stick.

Amy: Have you considered massage?

Sheldon: I’d like to respond to that sarcastically. Yes, I relish the thought of a stranger covering my body with oil and rubbing it.

Amy: I was proposing you massage your muscles with your own hands.

Sheldon: Still sounds like a lot of unnecessary touching.

Amy: Trust me. With your right hand, locate the spot where the scapula meets the acromion process.

Sheldon: All right.

Amy: Now push your third finger along the ridge of the shoulder blade, making a small rotation as you do so.

Sheldon: Rotating.

Amy: You should feel a small node-like object rolling back and forth along the bone.

Sheldon: You mean the myofascial point?

Amy: Obviously. Now bear down on it like the seventh grade noogies we all know too well.

Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord, yes, yes, oh, yes! Amy, I’ve never been touched like this before! Oh! Oh, my hands are magic!

Amy: Don’t flatter yourself. Your hands are blunt tools guided by my knowledge of the nervous system. I could just as easily have paralyzed you.

Sheldon: There’s someone at my door.

Amy: That doesn’t interest me. Goodbye.

Raj (at door): Can I sleep here tonight?

Sheldon: Why?

Raj: Leonard’s having astronomically inaccurate Star Trek sex with my sister.

Sheldon: I can see how that would be upsetting. Come in. I’ll get the sheets and blankets for the couch.

Raj: Oh, don’t bother. I’ll just sleep in Leonard’s room.

Sheldon: No, I can’t authorize that.

Raj: Well, he’s in my bed. Why can’t I be in his?

Sheldon: The Hammurabic Code is an eye for an eye, not a bed for a bed.

Raj: Come on, dude, I’m exhausted, and Tyra Banks says the most important item in your makeup bag is a good night’s sleep.

Sheldon: All right. This is a form indemnifying me from your use of Leonard’s bedroom. Sign here, indicating that I tried to stop you and did so using a stern facial expression.

Raj: Good night, Sheldon.

Sheldon: Wait. Not yet. We still have to go over safety procedures. Now, the apartment has three emergency exits located here, here, and here. In the event of a power outage, luminous paint will guide you to the nearest exit.

Raj: You’re kidding.

Sheldon: I never kid about safety.

Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Leonard enters, and accidentally sits on Raj. Both exclaim.

Leonard: What are you doing here?

Raj: I was sleeping.

Leonard: In my bed?

Raj: Well, I would’ve slept in my own bed, but it was being used to bring shame to my family. And the memory of Gene Roddenberry.

Leonard: Oh, you heard?

Raj: Scotty, I need more power.

Leonard: Sorry. Does Sheldon know you’re sleeping in here?

Raj: Are you kidding? He made me sign a waiver, participate in an emergency fire drill and take a refresher course in CPR. Thank God he had a dummy.

Leonard: Oh, yeah. Mouth-to-Mouth Mona. You know, she used to date Howard?

Raj: Oh, my God, she’s that Mona? Why can’t you and my sister spend your nights here?

Leonard: We tried. She doesn’t get along with Sheldon.

Raj: Sheldon doesn’t get along with Sheldon. It’s still no reason for me to have to listen to you arm your photon torpedoes every night.

Leonard: Okay, well, how about this. Until Priya gets her own place, you stay here and I’ll stay at your apartment.

Raj: Can I bring girls here?

Leonard: You? Sure. Bring as many as you want.

Raj: Okay, deal.

Leonard: Just not against their will.

Scene: The cafeteria. 

Leonard: Do you really think you should be eating that cake?

Howard: Why?

Leonard: If you’re gonna be a trophy husband for a rich wife, you might want to watch your waistline.

Raj: He’s right. A minute on the lips, a lifetime on the hips.

Howard: Yeah, ha-ha. First of all, I’m not threatened by my fiancée’s success. I’m proud of her. And secondly, I have my own career.

Leonard: Until you have kids.

Sheldon: Good news, Raj. I got the blood work back from the lab. You’re okay to stay for a while.

Raj: When did you take my blood?

Sheldon: Not important. Your sugar was a little high. I’d follow up with your regular physician. In the meantime, I have some paperwork here for you to go over.

Raj: What the hell is this?

Sheldon: Boilerplate stuff. A modified roommate agreement for a temporary house guest. And a living will and durable power of attorney.

Raj: This says you can make end of life decisions for me.

Sheldon: As your friend, let’s hope it doesn’t come to that. Please sign.

Raj: Did you sign this?

Leonard: There’s a reciprocity clause. You get to pull the plug on him, too.

Raj: Well, that seems fair.

Sheldon: Congratulations and welcome temporarily aboard. Here’s your I.D. Card, your key and your lapel pin. Which Leonard was too cool to wear. FYI, part of your responsibilities as roommate pro tem will be to drive me to and from work, the comic book store, the barbershop and the park for one hour every other Sunday for fresh air.

Leonard: Bring a ball or a Frisbee, you know, something he can chase.

Sheldon: Also, you’re tasked with bringing home all takeout dinners. Tonight is Thai food. You’ll find the standard order in appendix B or downloadable from my FTP server. If you have any questions, here’s the FAQ sheet, or if you prefer the human touch, I do a live web chat called Apartment Talk on Tuesday nights.

Leonard: No backsies.

Scene: The apartment. 

Raj: Sheldon, dinner!

Sheldon: What is this?

Raj: This is the difference between eating and dining.

Sheldon: Remarkable. I’m just realizing how much Leonard’s been skating by all these years.

Raj: It’s not a big thing. Just think of me as a brown Martha Stewart.

Penny (at door): Hey, Sheldon, did you change your Wi-Fi password again?

Sheldon: Yes, it’s “Penny, get your own Wi-Fi.” No spaces.

Penny: Thanks. Wow! What’s with the fancy spread?

Sheldon: My new roommate is bending over backwards to ingratiate himself to me. (Pointing to lapel badge) Uh, nice touch, by the way.

Penny: What do you mean, new roommate? What happened to Leonard?

Sheldon: The same thing that happened to Homo Erectus. He was replaced by a superior species.

Raj: I’m the new Homo in town. That came out wrong.

Penny: All right, let me try this again. Where’s Leonard?

Raj: He’s living at my place, so I’m living here.

Sheldon: You’re living here provisionally. But I must say it’s looking good.

Penny: Woah, Leonard and Priya are living together? That’s big.

Sheldon: No. Origami napkin swans, that’s the headline.

Raj: It’s a good thing.

Scene: Bernadette’s bedroom. 

Howard: So do you know what kind of research you’ll be doing at this pharmaceutical company?

Bernadette: Well, there are a couple of opportunities available, but I volunteered for the premature ejaculation project. I mean, it’s not like either one of us has heart disease. Oh, I almost forgot. I got you a little present.

Howard: Oh, Bernie, no. You didn’t have to.

Bernadette: I wanted to. Come on, open it.

Howard: You bought me a Rolex? How much did this cost?

Bernadette: Oh, you let me worry about the money. I just want my baby to have pretty things.

Scene: The apartment.

Raj: More wine?

Penny: Oh, no, no, no. I’ve had way too much already.

Sheldon: Here’s an interesting fact about alcohol.

Penny: Hit me.

Sheldon: Man is not the only species that ferments fruit in order to become intoxicated. Can you guess what the other is? Hint, sometimes they pack the alcohol in their trunks.

Penny: Monkeys.

Sheldon: When does a monkey have a trunk?

Penny: When a suitcase just won’t do.

Sheldon: Mmm, all right. It would appear as if alcohol is playing keep-away with your intelligence. Good night. Please note, it is now past ten p.m. Per our roommate agreement, kindly refrain from raucous laughter, clinking of glasses, and celebratory gunfire.

Penny: Okay, explain something to me. You watch Leonard put up with that guy for years and years. What has to break inside your brain for you to think, Oh, Krishna, I’ve got to get me some of that?

Raj: Well, it’s a lot better than having to wear noise-cancelling headphones in my own apartment.

Penny: What? Oh, God, yeah. Yeah. Leonard’s a noisy little dude in the sack.

Raj: Every night.

Penny: Really? Even during allergy season, when he has to alternate between kissing and breathing?

Raj: It’s my sister. Can we not talk about this any more?

Penny: Yeah. Sorry, sorry. Can I tell you a secret?

Raj: Yeah.

Penny: I screwed up. Leonard’s a great guy. Never should have broken up with him.

Raj: Well, uh, to paraphrase Shakespeare, It’s better to have loved and lost than to stay home every night and download increasingly shameful pornography.

Penny: Oh, you poor baby.

Raj: What’s wrong with me, Penny?

Penny: Nothing, nothing. You know, if we weren’t friends, and you hadn’t brought up that creepy pornography story, I’d be on you like the speed of light squared on matter to make energy.

Raj: Hey, you totally got that right! E equals M C squared.

Penny: I listen. I have no idea what it means, but I listen. To friendship.

Raj: To friendship.

Sheldon (off): Would you booze hounds please stop that infernal clinking? And the answer was elephant!

Scene: Raj’s apartment. Leonard and Priya are kissing. 

Leonard: Mmm. Mmm.

Priya: Leonard, sweetheart, we’re kissing, not eating hot soup.

Leonard: Sorry.

Priya (computer tone): That’s my parents on video chat. Go hide in the bedroom.

Leonard: Oh, come on! Why don’t we just tell them that we’re dating?

Priya: Oh, we’ve been through this. It’s not the time.

Leonard: When is the time?

Priya: I’ve got five brothers and sisters. One of them is bound to screw up real big, and then I’ll tell my parents about you. Now, shoo.

Leonard: Fine.

Priya: Hello, Mummy. Hello, Daddy.

Dr Koothrappali: We heard there was a tornado in Kansas City. Is that close to you?

Priya: No.

Mrs Koothrappali: Where is your brother?

Priya: Out with friends.

Dr Koothrappali: I don’t like it, a young girl alone in an apartment.

Mrs Koothrappali: I’ll sleep so much better when you move back here next month.

Leonard: You’re moving back to India?

Dr Koothrappali: Who’s that?

Mrs Koothrappali: Oh, my God! There’s someone in your apartment. Call the police in America!

Leonard: When were you going to tell me about this?

Priya: Oh, hello, Leonard. What a pleasant surprise! Mummy, Daddy, you remember Rajesh’s friend Leonard.

Dr Koothrappali: I thought you said Rajesh was out with his friends.

Priya: He has many friends.

Dr Koothrappali: Rajesh has many friends?

Mrs Koothrappali: Why are you lying to us?

Leonard: She’s lying because she doesn’t want you to know we’re dating.

Priya: Leonard!

Leonard: Well, what difference does it make? If you’re moving back to India, we’re obviously breaking up.

Priya: You know what? I don’t want to deal with this right now.

Leonard: So. Hot in India?

Dr Koothrappali: Of course it is. It always is. It’s India. Now, what do you have to say for yourself?

Leonard: Uh. That is a beautiful tapestry.

Scene: Leonard’s bedroom. Raj and Penny are in bed. 

Penny (waking up): Oh, God. Oh, God! Oh. Okay, look. This never happened. Do you understand me? (Raj nods) Really? Still can’t talk to me?

Scene: The living room. Leonard is asleep on the couch. 

Sheldon: What are you doing here?

Leonard: What?

Sheldon: I said, what are you doing here?

Leonard: I live here.

Sheldon: I have paperwork that says differently.

Leonard: Priya’s going back to India.

Sheldon: Irrelevant. Rajesh and I have a good thing going and you’re not going to ruin it. (Knock on door) What are you doing here?

Howard: I’ve been up all night. I had a fight with Bernadette.

Sheldon: Why?

Howard: She gave me a beautiful watch.

Sheldon: Leonard, do you understand this?

Leonard: Yes.

Sheldon: Talk to him.

Penny (entering room dishevelled, with a half naked Raj behind): Damn.

Leonard: What’s going on?

Penny: Oh. It’s, it’s not what it looks like.

Sheldon: What does it look like?





