Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 17
Scene: The Apartment
Howard: Okay, Raj, hand me the number six torque screwdriver.
Sheldon: Stop. We can’t do this, it’s not right.
Raj: Sheldon, you have two choices. Either you let him put a bigger hard drive in the TiVo, or you
delete stuff before we go out of town.
Sheldon: But once you open the box, you’ve voided the warranty. The warranty is a sacred covenant
we’ve entered into with the manufacturer. He offers to stand by his equipment, and we in return agree
not to violate the integrity of the internal hardware. This little orange sticker is all that stands between
us and anarchy.
Leonard: Okay, then we won’t touch the hard drive. We’ll just erase the first season of Battlestar.
Sheldon (ripping off sticker): There. We’re outlaws.
Penny (entering with a pink suitcase): Here you go, Leonard. Is this going to be big enough?
Leonard: It’s perfect.
Howard: For taking daffodils to your unicorn.
Leonard: It’s just for my notebooks. Thanks, Penny.
Penny: Oh, I love San Francisco. I wish I was going with you.
Sheldon: I understand your envy. This is a can’t-miss symposium. There are going to be discussions
on bioorganic cellular computer devices, the advancements in multi-threaded task completion, plus a
roundtable on the nonequilibrium Green’s function approach to the photoionization process in atoms.
Penny: When I go, I usually just get hammered and ride the cable cars.
Leonard: This conference is kind of a big thing. The keynote address is being delivered by George
Smoot.
Penny: Oh, my God, the George Smoot?
Leonard: You’ve heard of him?
Penny: Of course I haven’t.
Sheldon: George Smoot is a Nobel Prize-winning physicist, one of the great minds of our time. His
work in black body form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation cemented our
understanding of the origin of the universe.

Penny: It’s kind of a funny name, though, Smoot.
Sheldon: It’s like talking to a chimp.
Penny: Okay, now that I’ve been completely insulted, have a good flight.
Leonard: Yeah, I wish.
Sheldon: We’re not flying, we’re taking the train.
Penny: Oh, cool.
Howard: Yeah, cool. Seven times as long as flying, and costs almost twice as much.
Penny: Well, then why are you doing it?
Leonard: Well, we had a vote. Three of us voted for airplane, Sheldon voted for train, so we’re taking
the train.
Sheldon: Don’t say it like that, Leonard, say it like: we’re taking the train!
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom.
Leonard: Hey, we’re all going over to the Apple store to make fun of the guys at the Genius Bar. You
want to come?
Sheldon: Oh, I always enjoy that, but I’m a little busy.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: I’m simplifying the task of packing for our trip. See, by attaching RFID tags to my clothing,
it will enable my laptop to read and identify the items with this wand. I will then cross-reference them
against destination, anticipated activity spectrum, weather conditions, duration of trip, et cetera.
Leonard: Well, that does sound much simpler. How long is this going to take?
Sheldon: Assuming I can keep up this pace, three hours, 11 minutes, and plus however long it takes to
conclude this fairly pointless conversation.
Leonard: Wow. Teasing the guys at the Apple store seems a little redundant now.
Sheldon: I don’t follow.
Leonard: I wouldn’t expect you to. I’ll see you later.
Sheldon: Socks, one pair, cotton, argyle, blue. Socks, one pair, cotton, argyle, blue.
Scene: On the train.

Sheldon: What on earth are you doing?
Raj: Whatever it is, I’m guessing we’re doing it wrong.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, this is the Coast Starlight, one of the great American trains operating on one of
the classic American routes. On this side, you’ll see panoramic ocean vistas inaccessible to any other
form of transportation, while on your side, you’ll be treated to 350 miles of CostCos, Jiffy Lubes, and
cinderblock homes with above-ground pools.
Howard: Come on, Raj.
Raj: What’s wrong with Jiffy Lubes?
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Why not?
Sheldon: That’s over the wheelbase. Are you completely unfamiliar with the suspension
characteristics of a pre-1980 Pullman-built Superliner Deluxe passenger coach?
Leonard: Sheldon, we’ve been on this train 90 seconds, and you’ve already said a thousand words.
Just tell us where to sit and shut up.
Sheldon: Here. I’m hoping once you reap the endorphic rewards of the steady clickety-clack of steel
wheels on polished rails, your sour disposition will abate.
Leonard: Yeah, maybe. Meanwhile back in the 21st century, people are raising their tray tables and
putting their seat-backs in an upright position ’cause it’s time to land in San Francisco.
Raj: It’s not so bad, really. At least these trains have modern plumbing. In India, you squat over a hole
in the train and expose your naked buttocks to the chilly air of Rajasthan.
Sheldon: He is referring, of course, to third class on Indian Railways’ magnificent Ranakpur Express
and its twelve hundred kilometer journey from Maharashtra to the Bikaner Junction.
Leonard: Oh, look, now he’s boring on an international scale.
Raj: Holy crap! Look!
Leonard: Is that who I think it is?
Howard: It can’t be. What would Summer Glau be doing riding the train?
Leonard: Maybe John Connor’s aboard and she’s protecting him from an evil Terminator.
Sheldon: Unlikely. That’s a television show, Leonard.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: Of course, if SkyNet actually did exist in the future, a perfect way to infiltrate and destroy
mankind would be to send Terminators back posing as actors who have played Terminators in popular

films and television series, lulling us into a false sense of security, i.e., that’s Summer Glau from The
Sarah Connor Chronicles. No, Summer, don’t kill me! I’m pro-robot! Ahh!
Leonard: At least he’s off the train crap.
Sheldon: Whee!
Howard: Sheldon, I owe you an apology. Taking the train was a stroke of brilliance! I’ve actually got
a shot at a Terminator.
Raj: Oh, please.When it comes to Terminators, you’ve got a better shot of scoring with Arnold
Schwarzenegger.
Howard: You’re overlooking something. I have 11 hours with her in a confined space. Unless she’s
willing to jump off a moving train, tuck and roll down the side of a hill, she will eventually succumb
to the acquired taste that is Howard Wolowitz.
Leonard: My money’s on tuck and roll.
Sheldon: I’m confused. I thought you were involved in some sort of socially intimate pairing with
Leslie Winkle.
Howard: Sheldon, let me explain to you how this works.
Sheldon: All right.
Howard: That’s Summer Glau.
Sheldon: Yes.
Howard: That’s it.
Raj: Hang on a sec. Why do you get first crack at her?
Howard: Um, well, let’s see, couple reasons. One, I saw her first.
Raj: No, you didn’t. I did.
Howard: Fair enough. But then let me move on to number two, unlike you, I can actually talk to
women when I’m sober.
Raj: You fail to take into account that even mute, I am foreign and exotic, while you, on the other
hand, are frail and pasty.
Howard: Well, you know the old saying, pasty and frail never fail.
Leonard: Excuse me, but what about me? Why don’t I get a shot?
Howard: Fine, go ahead. Take a shot.

Leonard: You know, I’ve already got a gorgeous blonde back home at I can’t score with. I think I’ll
let you two take this one.
Raj: Sheldon, is there a place on this train to get alcohol?
Sheldon: Interesting that you ask. The Coast Starlight recently added the refurbished Pacific Parlour
Car. Built in 1956 and originally known as the Santa Fe Lounge Car, the lower level is a theatre…
Raj: Yeah-yeah, which way?
Sheldon: and the upper level is a bar that offers wine tastings if you’re going as far as Portland.
Leonard: So aren’t you going to go talk to her?
Howard: I will, I’m just working on my opening line.
Leonard: She’s probably heard every possible line, Howard. Why don’t you just try hello?
Howard: No, no, no, that always creeps girls out. I need to come up with something that’s funny,
smart and delicately suggests that my sexual endowment is disproportionate to my physical stature.
Leonard: You’re going to need more than 11 hours.
Sheldon: Oh, no.
Leonard: What’s the matter?
Sheldon: I forgot my flash drive.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: So we have to go back.
Leonard: Okay, Sheldon, I’m going to say why and your answer cannot be because I forgot my flash
drive.
Sheldon: You don’t understand. My flash drive has my paper on astrophysical probes of M-theory
effects in the early universe that I was going to give to George Smoot at the conference.
Leonard: Why do you have to give your paper to George Smoot?
Sheldon: It’s brilliant. He needs to read it.
Leonard: So you’ll send him an e-mail when we get back.
Sheldon: Then I won’t get to see his face light up as he reads it.
Leonard: Right. Of course.
Sheldon: Oh, this is an unmitigated disaster.

Leonard: Well, there’s nothing you can do about it, so relax, sit back, enjoy the clickety-clack of the
steel wheels on the polished rails.
Sheldon: You forgot your flash drive, You forgot your flash drive (repeated over and over in time to
the sound of the train)
Leonard: Only ten hours, 55 minutes to go.
Time Shift.
Howard (steeling himself to talk to Summer Glau, to himself): It’s hot in here. Must be Summer.
(Walks towards her, then walks straight past. Returns, makes to talk to her, then turns to two nuns
over the other side of the corridor) So, where you gals headed?
Sheldon: Okay, I’ve found the perfect solution. We get off the train at the next stop in Oxnard. We
then take the 1:13 train back to Union Station. We take a cab back to the apartment, get my flash drive,
and then race to San Luis Obispo, where, assuming the lights are with us and minimal traffic, we’ll
meet the train.
Leonard: I’ve got a better idea.
Sheldon: Are you going to be sarcastic?
Leonard: Boy, you take all the fun out of it for me. But look, Penny’s home. Why don’t we just call
her, have her go in the apartment, get your flash drive and e-mail you the paper?
Sheldon: But the flash drive is in a locked drawer in my desk.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: The key is hidden in my room.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: Penny would have to go into my room.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: People don’t go in my room!
Leonard: I see. Well, it seems once again, you’re caught between a rock and a crazy place.
Sheldon: Oh, I hate when that happens.
Howard (to self): It’s hot in here. It must be Summer. It’s hot in here. Must be Summer. It’s hot in
here. Must be Summer.
Raj (walking past and straight up to Summer Glau): It’s hot in here. Must be Summer.
Summer: That’s cute.

Raj: Really? I just made it up. Have you seen Slumdog Millionaire?
Summer: Oh, yeah, I loved it.
Raj: It’s loosely based on my life.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Penny is on the phone.
Penny: Yeah, we’re putting the play on for one night in this little 99-seat theatre. Can you come? Oh,
great. Do you know 98 other people that might want to come? Oh, hang on. (Switches to another line)
Hello?
Sheldon (on phone): Listen carefully. I’m about to give you a set of instructions, which you must
follow to the letter.
Penny: Just a sec. (Switches back to first line) The theatre is above a bowling alley, so it’s a little
noisy, but it might be the only chance I’ll ever get to play Anne Frank. And the director is brilliant. He
uses the bowling sounds as, like, Nazi artillery. Okay, great, I’ll see you then. (Switches line again)
Hello?
Sheldon: Okay, step four. Do you see that small plastic case on my dresser?
Penny: Your dresser? Who is this?
Sheldon: It’s Sheldon.
Penny: Oh, hey, Sheldon! How is San Francisco?
Sheldon: I’m not in San Francisco. I’m on a train. Were you even listening to me?
Penny: Uh, no, I was talking to my friend, but what’s up?
Sheldon: What’s up? I’ll tell you what’s up. I’m in a crisis situation, and I need you to marshal your
powers of concentration, limited as they may be…
Leonard: Give me the phone. Hi, Penny. It’s Leonard.
Penny: Hey, Leonard. What’s going on with Dr. Wackadoodle?
Leonard: He’s calling to ask you a favour. You might be confused because he didn’t use the words,
Penny, Sheldon, please or favour.
Sheldon: Okay. Enough chitchat. Okay, step one, locate your emergency key to our apartment. Step
two, enter our apartment. Step three, enter my bedroom.
Penny: Oh, hang on, Sheldon, getting another call.
Sheldon: No! Leonard, let me tell you something. Personal robots cannot get here soon enough.
Raj: And that bright little star peeking her head out early today, that’s Venus.

Summer: That is so cool. You really know a lot about space.
Raj: Come on. When you were on TV in Firefly, you were actually in space.
Summer: You’re not one of those guys who really believe that, are you?
Raj: You mean one of the hopeless geeks? No. Those are crazy people. Howard, be a dear and get me
another one of these. Now, him, he’s one of those geeks.
Sheldon: All right, now, before you enter my bedroom unescorted, I need you to understand that this
onetime grant of access does not create a permanent easement. Easement. It’s a legal right
of access. Good grief. What? No, don’t put me on hold. Oh!
Howard: Do you believe him? Normally around women, he has the personality of a boiled potato. Put
one beer in him, and he’s M. Night Charmalarmalon.
Leonard: Is that what he’s drinking? It’s not even real beer.
Howard: What?
Leonard: Look at it. Non-alcoholic beer.
Howard: What’s going on?
Leonard: I don’t know. Some sort of placebo effect, I guess.
Howard: Placebo, you say. Interesting.
Sheldon: Yes, I’m still here. Where am I going? I’m on a train. Now, what you’ll be looking for is a
small wooden box located between a Hoberman’s sphere and a sample of quartz flecked with pyrite.
Hoberman’s Sphere. It’s a collapsible icosidodecahedron. No, the thing with the time on it is my
alarm clock.
Raj: Actually, in India, the names of constellations are different. Where you have the Big Dipper, we
have the Big Curry Pot.
Summer: You’re making that up.
Raj: You got me. Now what are you going to do with me?
Howard: Raj.
Raj: Yes?
Howard: Look.
Raj: What am I looking at?
Howard: You tell me.

Raj: Non-alcoholic bee-ee-eeuh (Runs off)
Howard: Hi, I’m the small package good things come in.
Penny: Okay, I got a box, but there’s no key in here. Just letters.
Sheldon: That’s the wrong box. Put it back.
Penny: Oh, Sheldon, are these letters from your grandmother?
Sheldon: Don’t read those letters!
Penny: Oh, look, she calls you Moon Pie. That is so cute.
Sheldon: Put down the letters!
Leonard: Hey, Penny. It’s Leonard.
Penny: Hey, Leonard. How’s the train ride?
Leonard: Delightful. Listen, I don’t know what you’re doing right now, but there are little bubbles
forming on the corners of Sheldon’s mouth.
Penny: Okay, yeah, I kind of crossed a line. Put him back on.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: I’m back.
Penny: What up, Moon Pie?
Sheldon: Nobody calls me Moon Pie but Meemaw!
Leonard: Hey, Penny. Leonard again.
Howard: So anyway, in the dream, you and I were ice skating, just the two of us. And then, I picked
you up by your ankles and twirled you round and round until your legs tore off. I tried to stick them
back on, but before I could, you turned into a giant loaf of pumpernickel bread. What do you think
that means?
Summer (uncomfortable): I really don’t know.
Howard: I’ll give you a little clue. My favourite sandwich? Salami on pumpernickel.
Summer: Is that so?
Howard: And did you know the word “pumpernickel” comes from the German words pumper and
nickel, which loosely translates to fart goblin?
Summer: No. I didn’t.

Penny: Okay, I found the box. Now what?
Sheldon: You’re holding a Japanese puzzle box, which takes ten precise moves to open. First, locate
the panel with the diamond pattern and slide the centre portion one millimetre to the left. Then, on the
opposite end of the box, slide the entire panel down two millimetres. You’ll hear a slight click.
Penny: Hang on. Sheldon, do you have any emotional attachment to this box?
Sheldon: No, it’s a novelty I ordered off the Internet. Now, did you hear the click?
Penny: Not yet. (Puts box on ground and stomps on it)There it is.
Howard: Okay, here’s another one. If you married the famous rock guitarist Johnny Winter, you’d be
Summer Winter.
Summer: Uh-huh.
Howard: Okay, I’m going to just go for broke here and say I like you.
Summer: Yeah?
Howard: So here’s my question, do you realistically see any conversational path that would take me
from where we are right now to a place where I could ask you out and you’d say yes?
Summer: No.
Howard: Fair enough. I’ll leave you in peace.
Summer: Thank you.
Howard: But before I go, would you mind if I just take one picture of us together for my Facebook
page?
Summer: Sure.
Howard: Okay. Great. Now, can I take one where it looks like we’re making out?
Sheldon: Okay, now you’re going to insert the flash drive into the USB port. She calls me Moon Pie
because I’m nummy-nummy and she could just eat me up, now, please put the flash drive in the USB
port. The one that looks like a little duck’s mouth.
Leonard: Hey, how’d it go?
Howard: Terminator broke my phone.
Leonard: Excuse me. (Goes down to Summer) Okay, I’ll be honest with you. I’ve just spent the last
two hours imagining various scenarios in my head, trying to come up with some clever line to say to
you. But then I finally realized you’re a human being; I’m a human being. I could just say to you…
Announcer: Next stop: Santa Barbara.

Summer: I’m sorry. This is me.
Leonard: Hi, my name’s Leonard.
Scene: The conference.
Sheldon: So, I’m thinking, you won the Nobel Prize what, three years ago? So you must deal with a
whole lot of what has Smoot done lately? My thought is we continue my research as a team, you
know, Cooper-Smoot, alphabetical, and when we win the Nobel Prize, you’ll be back on top.
George Smoot: With all due respect, Dr. Cooper, are you on crack?
Sheldon: Fine! Smoot-Cooper. Wow, what a diva.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 18
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Knight to queen’s bishop-five.
Howard: Oh, very nice. What’s Leonard going to do? Does he give up the pawn or does he give up
the position?
Raj: Let’s find out. Leonard, ready?
Leonard: Ready.
Raj: Go. (Leonard sprays an aerosol which lights up laser beams. He tries to negotiate the beams as
Howard and Raj sing dramatic music. Eventually he touches one of the beams and a buzzer sounds.)
Leonard: Damn it. I slipped.
Howard: Too bad. You know the rules of Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Chess. Uh, Leonard died again,
Sheldon. You’re up.
Sheldon: Despite my deep love of chess, lasers and aerosol disinfectant, I must forfeit.
Leonard: Why?
Sheldon: – Because it’s almost eleven o’clock.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: So, Penny has a don’t knock on my door before eleven o’clock or I punch you in the throat
rule.
All: Ah.
Howard: Hey, you know what’d be a great idea? We get some girls over here and play Laser Obstacle
Strip Chess.
Leonard: Believe me, Howard, any girl who would be willing to play that, you don’t want to see
naked.
Howard: You underestimate me.
Scene: Outside Penny’s door. Sheldon stands looking at his watch with his hand poised to knock. At
the right moment he starts knocking.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.

Sheldon: It’s eleven am.
Penny: I know. You’re safe.
Sheldon: This package came while you were at work.
Penny: Oh, great, my rhinestones. Thank you.
Sheldon: Excuse me.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: You have to sign this.
Penny: What is it?
Sheldon: When I signed for the package, I was deputized by the United Parcel Service and entrusted
with its final delivery. I now need you to acknowledge receipt of the package so that I’m fully
indemnified and no longer liable.
Penny: Sheldon, it’s just a box of rhinestones.
Sheldon: Well, the contents are irrelevant. A legal bailment has been created. Does that mean nothing
to you?
Penny: It means nothing to anybody. Come here, let me show you what I’m doing.
Sheldon: Bailment describes a relationship in common law where a physical possession of personal
property, or chattels, is transferred from one person, the bailor, to another person, the bailee.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look, look, look! I started a business.
Sheldon: Obviously, not a cleaning business.
Penny: No, I’m making flower barrettes. See? I call them Penny Blossoms. I made one for myself,
then all the girls at work wanted one. Then I showed some to this lady who runs a shop in Old Town.
She sells cards and homemade jewellery. She said she wanted to sell them. I said okay, and in one
week, I made a $156.
Sheldon: Good for you. Sign here.
Penny: Sheldon, don’t you get it? If this takes off, I won’t have to be a waitress anymore.
Sheldon: But then who will bring me my cheeseburger on Tuesday nights?
Penny: Another waitress.
Sheldon: What’s her name?
Penny: I don’t know.

Sheldon: And you’re going to let her handle my food?
Penny: Nancy. Her name is Nancy.
Sheldon: I think you’re just making that up.
Penny: Sheldon, I’m sorry about your hamburger, okay? I just don’t want to be a waitress for the rest
of my life.
Leonard: Cheeseburger. I get a cheeseburger.
Penny: Fine, cheeseburger.
Sheldon: Maybe I’d be better off with Nancy.
Penny: So, what do you think? I mean, this could be a business, right?
Sheldon: How many of these can you make a day?
Penny: About twenty.
Sheldon: And how much profit do you make per Penny Blossom?
Penny: I don’t know, like, 50 cents. I’m not sure.
Sheldon: No, Of course you’re not. All right, ten dollars a day times five days a week times 52 weeks
a year is two thousand six hundred dollars.
Penny: That’s all?
Sheldon: Before taxes.
Penny: Well, I don’t have to pay taxes on this stuff.
Sheldon: I believe the Internal Revenue Service would strongly disagree. But, if you took advantage
of modern marketing techniques, and you optimized your manufacturing process, you might be able
to make this a viable business.
Penny: And you know about that stuff?
Sheldon: Penny, I’m a physicist. I have a working knowledge of the entire universe and everything it
contains.
Penny: Who’s Radiohead?
Sheldon: I have a working knowledge of the important things in the universe. Good luck.
Penny: Sheldon, hold on. Could you maybe show me how to make more money with this?
Sheldon: Of course I could.

Penny: Sheldon, wait! Will you?
Sheldon: Just to be clear here, you’re asking for my assistance.
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: And you understand that will involve me telling you what to do?
Penny: I understand.
Sheldon: And you’re not allowed to be sarcastic or snide to me while I’m doing so.
Penny: Okay.
Sheldon: Good. Let’s begin with the premise that everything you’ve done up to this point is wrong.
Penny: Oh, imagine that.
Sheldon: Sarcasm. Good-bye.
Penny: No, sorry. Wait! Please come back!
Credits sequence.
Scene: Penny’s apartment. Penny is making a barette. Sheldon is timing her.
Penny: There. Done.
Sheldon: All right. 12 minutes and 17 seconds.
Penny: Pretty good, right?
Sheldon: That’s 4.9 Penny Blossoms per hour. Based on your cost of materials and your wholesale
selling price, you’ll effectively be paying yourself… $5.19 a day.
Penny: A day?
Sheldon: There are children in a sneaker factory in Indonesia who outearn you.
Penny: That just can’t be right.
Sheldon: You’re questioning my math?
Penny: No, sorry.
Sheldon: Want me to show my work?
Penny: Oh, God, no, no. Just please tell me what to do about it.
Sheldon: All right, are you familiar with the development that resulted from Honoré Blanc’s 1778 use
of interchangeable parts? The assembly line, of course.

Penny: Okay, you know what, if I’m not allowed to be snide, you’re not allowed to be condescending.
Sheldon: That wasn’t a part of our original agreement, and I do not agree to it now.
Penny: All right, fine. How are we supposed to set up machines and conveyor belts in my apartment?
Sheldon: You’re thinking of the moving assembly line, an understandable but not excusable mistake.
No. The moving assembly line, that was introduced by Henry Ford in 1908. That innovation is what
made possible our modern consumer culture by enabling a low-unit cost for manufactured goods. I
guess that isn’t one of the topics discussed on your Radiohead.
Scene: The apartment
Leonard: Let’s go. We’re going to miss the coming attractions.
Raj: What’s the matter?
Howard: I think I bruised a testicle capturing that last pawn.
From Penny’s apartment they hear Penny and Sheldon singing “Blow the man down.” They enter to
find Sheldon and Penny working together on the barettes.
Leonard: Hello?
Penny & Sheldon together: Hello. (They resume singing and working)
Leonard: W-W-Wait, what’s going on?
Sheldon: I assume you’re referring to the sea shanty. It’s a rhythmic work song designed to increase
productivity.
Penny: Yeah, it’s crazy, but it totally works. Look, we made this Penny Blossom in under three
minutes.
Leonard: Terrific, but that kind of raises more questions than it answers.
Sheldon: Penny’s making hair accessories. I’m helping her optimize her manufacturing process. All
right, break’s over. (They start singing again.)
Howard: Hold on. What are you using as a bonding agent?
Sheldon: Hot glue.
Howard: You’re kidding. Any of the cyanoacrylates would do a better job.
Sheldon: It won’t work, the flower’s too porous.
Leonard: What if we infused the bottom layer with silicone-RTV to provide a better mounting surface?
Sheldon: Intriguing.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): Good question, what are you marketing and distribution channels?
Penny: Well, there are the waitresses at my work, and this cute, little shop in Old Town.
Sheldon: Hush, hush, hush, hush, hush, virtually non-existent. I’m thinking that we set her up with a
hosted turnkey e-commerce system to start.
Howard: Why not eliminate the middle man? We could install a small server farm with a static IP in
her bedroom.
Leonard: She’d need some kind of industrial cooling system.
Sheldon: Of course, but before we set up a marketing and distribution infrastructure, we should finish
optimizing the manufacturing process. To start with, she has a terrible problem with moisture-induced
glitter clump.
Penny: Yeah, it’s a bitch.
Howard: Uh, I’ve seen this before.
Leonard: Where?
Howard: It’s a common stripper problem. They dance, they sweat, they clump.
Penny: Ew.
Leonard: Are you thinking about adding a desiccant like calcium sulphate?
Howard: Actually, I’m thinking about this one stripper named Vega. But sure, calcium sulphate could
work.
Sheldon: Let’s think out of the box for a moment. How about a molecular sieve?
Leonard & Howard: Oh!
Penny: I’ve got a spaghetti strainer in the kitchen.
Sheldon: Wow.
Leonard: Hey, we could liberate some micro-porous charcoal from the chem lab.
Sheldon: Oh, great. Raj, why don’t you and Howard go get the charcoal? Leonard, why don’t you
start working on some preliminary Web site designs. I’ll make some space in our apartment so we can
move the manufacturing process.
Penny: Well, what’s wrong with my apartment?
Sheldon: It’s not my apartment.
Penny: Wait, wait, what am I going to do?

Leonard: Uh, hey, it’s your business. Do whatever you want.
Penny: Oh, okay, cool. I’m going to take a nap.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: I’m still tweaking things a little bit, but this will give you the general idea of the Web site.
So, what do you guys think?
Howard (after Raj whispers to him): Uh, pretty much any way I say that is going to hurt his feelings.
Leonard: Okay, what’s wrong with it?
Sheldon: – What’s wrong with it?
Leonard: Not you. I wasn’t asking you. Penny?
Penny: Uh, well, it’s a little juvenile. I mean, it kind of looks like the MySpace page of a 13-year-old
girl.
Leonard: No, it doesn’t.
Howard: Please. Dateline could use it to attract predators.
Sheldon: Penny, this is your enterprise, so it’s ultimately your decision, but based on the quality of his
work, I’d strongly recommend that we let Leonard go.
Leonard: You want to fire me?
Sheldon: What I want is irrelevant. This is Penny’s decision. Penny?
Leonard: Excuse me, but if I did such a bad job then why do we already have orders?
Penny: We do?
Leonard: Uh-huh. Look. Mrs. Fiona Fondell from Huntsville, Alabama has ordered two.
Penny: No kidding. Two?
Leonard: Uh-huh. Look at the comments.
Penny: Thank you, Penny Blossoms. These will be perfect to cover my bald spot. Aww, that is so
sweet.
Sheldon: Camouflaging bald spots. That’s primarily a male concern. Perhaps we could expand our
market.
Penny: How are flower barrettes going to appeal to men?
Howard: We add Bluetooth!

Sheldon: Brilliant. Men love Bluetooth.
Penny: Wait a minute, wait a minute, you want to make a hair barrette with Bluetooth?
Sheldon: Penny, everything is better with Bluetooth.
Leonard: Holy crap. Someone just ordered a thousand Penny Blossoms.
Penny: Get out! Who needs a thousand sparkly flower barrettes with rhinestones?
Leonard: The Fifth Annual East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender
Alliance Luau.
Sheldon: Oh, another market to expand into, balding gay men.
Howard: And I’ll bet lesbians love Bluetooth.
Sheldon: We should get to work.
Penny: Wait, wait, wait, why does it say one-day rush? Since when do we offer a one-day rush?
Leonard: Amazon offers one-day rush.
Penny: Yeah, but they don’t have to glue the books together. How the hell are we going to make a
thousand Penny Blossoms in one day?
Leonard: Don’t yell at me. I’m not manufacturing. I’m just Web design.
Penny: Okay, well, I’m gonna have to call them and cancel the order.
Sheldon: Excuse me, but was this not your goal? Financial independence through entrepreneurial
brilliance and innovation? My brilliance and innovation, of course, but still.
Penny: I just don’t see how see can pull this off.
Sheldon: Okay, that, right there, that equivocation and self-doubt, that is not the American spirit. Did
Davy Crockett quit at the Alamo? Did Jim Bowie?
Howard: They didn’t quit. They were massacred by, like, a gazillion angry Mexicans.
Sheldon: Alright, let me put it this way. Your gross receipts on this one order will be over $3,000 for
one night’s work.
Penny: You guys get started.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Penny: Going online to buy shoes!
Scene: The same, later. Sheldon and Penny are making barettes, singing “She’ll be coming round the
mountain.”

Raj: You know, if I wanted to spend my Saturday nights doing this, I could have stayed in India.
Howard: Oh, stop with the fake third world crap. Your father’s a gynaecologist, and you had a house
full of servants.
Raj: We only had four servants. And two of them were children.
Leonard: How are we doing?
Raj: We have 128 assorted Penny Blossoms ready to ship.
Howard: Oh, God, we’re never gonna finish in time. Who made Sheldon the boss anyway?
Sheldon: I believe I’m hearing some negativity on the factory floor.
Penny: So?
Sheldon: Penny, the labour force is a living organism that must be carefully nurtured. Any
counterproductive grumbling must be skilfully headed off by management. Observe. Hey! Less talk,
more work!
Penny: Nicely done.
Sheldon: Thank you. You hear any union talk, you let me know.
Time shift
Leonard (singing): Someone’s in the kitchen with Dinah…
Howard (reluctantly singing): Someone’s in the kitchen I know-ow-ow-ow
Penny (singing): Someone’s in the kitchen with Dinah… Sheldon? Sheldon! (nudges him)
Sheldon (waking up, singing): ‘Cause I sold my soul to the company store.
Penny: Honey, do you want some coffee?
Sheldon: No, I don’t drink coffee.
Penny: Come on, but if you don’t stay awake we’ll never finish in time.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, coffee’s out of the question. When I moved to California, I promised my mother
that I wouldn’t start doing drugs.
Penny: Leonard, help.
Leonard: Sheldon, we still have 380 of these things to make.
Sheldon: I have complete faith that you will make them. Good night.
Penny: Leonard?

Leonard: Yeah, no. But, Sheldon, without your insight and leadership this entire enterprise will surely
fail.
Sheldon: You’re right, of course.
Penny: Here, this will help.
Sheldon: Very well, but if this leads to opiates or hallucinogenics, you’re going to have to answer to
my mother.
Time shift
Sheldon: Look at Planck’s Constant. People say it’s arbitrary. It could not be less arbitrary. If it varied
even slightly, life as we know it would not exist. Bam! Now, now, let’s reconsider the entire argument,
but with entropy reversed and effect preceding cause, so you are thinking of a universe that’s not
expanding from the centre, no, it is retreating from a, from a possibility space. Bam! This is a space
where we are all essentially Alice through the looking glass, standing in front the Red Queen, and
we’re being offered a cracker to quench our thirst. Bam! Of course, in another universe, let’s call it
universe prime, there’s another Sheldon, let’s call him Sheldon prime…
Penny: We should have let him go to bed.
Leonard: Bam.
Time shift
Leonard: I can’t believe we actually did it.
Howard: 1,000 friggin’ Penny Blossoms.
Penny: I just want you guys to know I am really grateful for your help, and for every dollar I make,
I’m going to give you 20 cents.
Howard: That’s your entire profit margin.
Penny: Oh. Then never mind.
Leonard: I’ll print out the shipping label. Uh-oh.
Penny: What?
Leonard: We got an e-mail from the East Rutherford, New Jersey, Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and
Transgender Alliance. They want another thousand Penny Blossoms.
Penny: Really?
Leonard: One-day rush. I really need to take that off the Web site.
Penny: Okay, well. Guess we’d better get started.
Howard: You can’t be serious.

Penny: Come on. What about the living organism of the workforce and the American spirit and
Jiminy Crockett at the Alamo?
Leonard: Davy Crockett. Jiminy Crockett was a cricket.
Penny: Yes, yes, I know that, okay? I’m tired, I’ve had like 18 cups of coffee. The point is, if we all
just pull together, we can do this. Who’s with me?
Howard: Penny, although you may find it hard to believe, we do have lives.
Penny: Leonard?
Leonard: Sorry. My apologies to the gay community of East Rutherford, New Jersey.
Sheldon (entering dressed as The Flash): Zoom, zoom, zoom! Where’s the coffee?
Penny: We’re all out.
Sheldon: No problem. I’ll be back before this banana hits the ground. Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom!
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom!
Scene: The apartment. Raj is negotiating the laser beams. Sheldon and Howard are singing
dramatically.
Raj (reaching the other side): Yes! (He takes a slice of pizza)
Howard: Sorry, guys, but Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Lunch is just stupid.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 19
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Okay, it’s done. Look, guys, for the future, I don’t mind killing the big spiders, but you have
to at least try with the little ones.
Sheldon: Penny, please, we’re facing a far more serious problem than stray arachnids.
Leonard: Sheldon, it’s not that bad.
Sheldon: Not bad? It’s horrible. I mean, you hear stories about this sort of thing, but you never think
it’ll happen to you.
Leonard: So they steamed your dumplings, get over it. New topic, please.
Howard: All right, Penny, let me take this opportunity to point out that you are looking particularly
ravishing today.
Penny: Not with a thousand condoms, Howard.
Howard: So, there is a number.
Penny: Okay, new topic, please. Hey, did you hear the people upstairs in 5A are moving out?
Leonard: Shh-shh-shh!
Sheldon: What?
Penny: The people upstairs are moving out.
Leonard: No!
Sheldon: The horror!
Leonard: Why would you just say something like that?
Sheldon: No, no, no, no, no, no, no…
Penny: How else was I supposed to say it?
Leonard: Slowly, like putting a new fish in a tank. You don’t just drop it in, you let the bag sit in the
water a while.
Sheldon: The horror!
Penny: Sheldon, I’m sure it’s going to be fine.

Sheldon: No, it’s not going to be fine, change is never fine. They say it is, but it’s not.
Penny: Okay, honey, did you even know the people that are moving out?
Sheldon: I never met them. That’s what made them perfect, there were no awkward hellos in the halls,
there was no clickety-clacking of high heel shoes on hardwood floors, they may as well have been a
family of cats just jumping around from drape to drape without that annoying ammonia urine smell.
Penny: Well, I’m sure the new people will be just as quiet.
Sheldon: You can’t know that. How can you possibly know that?
Penny: You’re right, I can’t. You know what? Anyone could rent that apartment now, an opera singer,
the cast of stomp, yeah, a tap-dancing pirate with a wooden leg.
Leonard: Why are you making it worse?
Penny: I tried making it better, he wouldn’t go for it.
Howard (after Raj whispers to him): You’re right, that’s a great idea.
Leonard: What?
Howard: I’ll take the apartment upstairs. I can finally get away from my mother, and we can all spend
some more time together, if you catch my drift.
Penny: The horror!
Credits sequence.
Scene: Outside Howard’s house.
Sheldon: Hold on. You honestly expect me to believe that social protocol dictates we break our backs
helping Wolowitz move, and then he only need buy us a pizza?
Leonard: I’m sorry, that really is how it works.
Sheldon: You’re tricking me. You tell me the truth, what do we get?
Leonard: Raj, help me out here.
Raj: You get to choose between a mountain bike or a PS3.
Sheldon: I knew it! PS3, definitely PS3, who would pick a mountain bike?
Howard (voice from inside): Enough with the guilt, ma, we’ll still see each other. I’ll come over every
night and have dinner with you.
Howard’s Mother (voice): The hell you will! What am I running here, a fancy restaurant? Does this
look like Olive Garden?

Howard (voice): Okay, I get it, you’re angry. You don’t want to see your little bird leave the nest.
Howard’s Mother (voice): Little bird? You’re almost 30, fly, for god’s sake!
Howard (voice): Fine, I’ll stay! You happy, crazy lady? I sure as hell hope so, because you’re ruining
my life!
Leonard (into phone): Hey, Penny, it’s Leonard. Good news, you can take your head out of the oven.
Sheldon (removing hernia support): I guess I won’t be needing this.
Scene: The lobby, there are boxes everywhere and removal men are carrying them up the stairs.
Sheldon: Oh, no, the new ones, they’re here.
Leonard: Stay calm, we don’t know anything about them yet. What are you doing?
Sheldon: I’m checking for musical instruments. Does that sound like castanets to you?
Leonard: The box says kitchen.
Sheldon: So? Do cocaine smugglers write cocaine on the box?
Blonde girl (arriving): Hello?
Leonard: Hello.
Sheldon: Hello.
Blonde Girl: Hello.
Leonard: Hello.
Sheldon: Hello.
Blonde Girl: I’m Alicia. I’m moving in upstairs.
Leonard: That is so great. Oh, I’m Leonard, I live downstairs. Upstairs from here, but under you. Not
under you per se, but under your apartment.
Alicia: That’s nice.
Leonard: Yeah, it is.
Sheldon: If that concludes your faltering attempt to mate, hello.
Alicia: Hello.
Sheldon: Hello. On a scale of one to ten how light of foot would you describe yourself with one being
not cat-like at all and ten being freakishly feline?

Alicia: Freakishly feline?
Sheldon: Is that your answer or do you not understand the question? We’ll come back to that one.
Leonard: Sheldon…
Sheldon: Hang on. Are you now or have you ever been a salsa, Irish folk or break-dancer?
Alicia: No.
Leonard: You’re making her uncomfortable.
Sheldon: Oh, I’m sorry. Well, if it helps you feel any better you’re doing very well so far. Next
question, are you fertile?
Alicia: What?!
Sheldon: I’m trying to determine whether crying infants above my head are a possibility.
Alicia: I have no immediate plans.
Sheldon: If that changes, let me know. And finally, area rugs, pro or con?
Alicia: Pro?
Sheldon: Alicia?
Alicia: Yes?
Sheldon: Welcome to the building.
Scene: The stairs
Alicia:Thanks so much for helping me, Leonard.
Leonard: Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to help.
Penny (exiting apartment): Oh, hey, guys.
Leonard: Hey, Penny. this is Alicia, our new neighbour.
Penny: Hi.
Alicia: Hi.
Leonard: I’m helping.
Penny: I can see.
Sheldon: Alicia’s non-musical, childless and pro-rug. She’s still on probation, of course, but I like her.

Alicia: Cool t-shirt.
Penny: Oh, yeah, I don’t usually dress like this. I’m going jogging.
Sheldon: You don’t jog.
Penny: I can start.
Sheldon: True, but the more likely explanation for your attire is that you’re out of clean clothes again.
Penny: Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You’re welcome, Penny.
Alicia: Please, you look cute. I’m dressed like a slob today, too.
Leonard: I think you look fantastic.
Alicia: This one’s a player, huh?
Penny: Oh, yeah, be careful.
Alicia: Thanks for the warning.
Penny: Okay.
Alicia: I’ll see you around.
Penny: See ya. I’m dressed like a slob today, too.
Sheldon: Oh, mimicry. I enjoy mimicry. I’ve been working on Admiral Ackbar from Return of the
Jedi. “It’s a trap.” You have to imagine me with a giant squid head. “It’s a trap. It’s a trap. It’s a trap.”
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is writing on an imaginary board. There is a knock on the door.
Sheldon: Come.
Penny (entering): Hey.
Sheldon: Congratulations, I see you did your laundry.
Penny: Well, sort of.
Sheldon: How does one sort of…
Penny: I bought new clothes, okay? Is Leonard around?
Sheldon: He’s upstairs at Alicia’s.
Penny: Oh. all right, that’s cool, no biggie. He said he’d help me set up my printer, but I guess I can
wait. What exactly is he doing up there?

Sheldon: In what I can only perceive as a tactical move to destroy me, he is with Wolowitz and
Koothrappali setting up her stereo.
Penny: Oh, they’re all up there, huh? Hmm, typical.
Sheldon: It’s axiomatically atypical. Up until recently, they did not know Alicia, and had no
encounters with her in a previous location. They never went upstairs to visit the former tenants, so
your characterization of their behaviour as typical Is demonstrably fallacious.
Penny: Okay, now I see the giant squid head. (Leaves)
Sheldon: Oh, great! now, I have to start all over again. (Rubs out imaginary workings)
Scene: Alicia’s apartment.
Howard: Yeah, I thought about renting this apartment, but I’m really more of a downtown loft kind of
guy.
Alicia: Cool. so are you in a loft now?
Howard: Oh, actually I’m, uh, living with a woman in Altadena. Purely platonic, she’s also my maid.
Alicia: Sounds like a sweet deal.
Howard: I won’t lie, it’s pretty dope.
Penny (arriving): Hello?
Alicia: Oh, hey.
Penny: Hey, I just wanted to bring you a little housewarming gift.
Alicia: That is so sweet. Come on in, let’s open it.
Penny: Great.
Alicia: Nice dress.
Penny: Oh, this? I’m dressed like a slob today.
Alicia: The guys have been helping me set up my sound system. I’ve never had such good-looking
technical support.
Howard: Oh, pish-posh. (Raj whispers to him) I don’t know, it means shucks. (Raj whispers again)
Shucks means shucks. Let one go once in a while.
Leonard: Hey, uh, penny, you want to hear something awesome?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Alicia is an actress, just like you.

Penny: That is so awesome.
Alicia: Well, trying to be, but it’s so hard.
Penny: Yeah, I know, tell me about it.
Alicia: I’ve been out here three months, and all I’ve gotten is a couple of national commercials and
this recurring thing on a soap.
Penny: That’s why I work at the Cheesecake Factory, I’m holding out for the right part.
Leonard: Alicia, what do you want as your default setting for DVDs, 5.1 Dolby or DTS?
Alicia: Whatever you think is best, cutie.
Leonard: Well, DTS has more low end, so… okay.
Penny: Uh, hey, guys, guys, you will really appreciate this, I read the best science joke on the internet.
Alicia, you won’t get it, but it’s right up their alley. Anyway, so, this physicist goes into an ice cream
parlour every week and orders an ice cream sundae for himself, and then offers one to the empty stool
sitting next to him. This goes on for a while until the owner finally asks him what he’s doing. The
man says, “well, I’m a physicist, and quantum mechanics teaches us that it is possible for the matter
above this stool to spontaneously turn into a beautiful woman who might accept my offer and fall in
love with me.” The owner then says, “well, lots of single, beautiful women come in here every day,
why don’t you buy an ice cream for one of them, and they might fall in love with you?” And the
physicist says, “yeah, but what are the odds of that happening?”
Leonard: It’s a little insulting, don’t you think?
Penny: How would I know? I’m not even sure I get it.
Alicia: Hey, Leonard? If you’re done with the DVD player, can you set up my printer?
Leonard: Uh, yeah, I’d love to.
Penny: Uh, hey, maybe when you’re done with her printer, you could set up mine. You know, like
you promised a week ago.
Leonard: Yeah, I’ll get to it, don’t nag me.
Raj (drinking some wine): Hello there
Scene: The apartment. Penny walks in without knocking and collapses on the sofa.
Sheldon: Who is it? Oh hello, Penny, it’s open, come in. Sarcasm.
Penny: Well, they’re all still up there.
Sheldon: You think I can’t hear them? Listen to that. Stomp, stomp, stomp. That’s Wolowitz in his
stacked heels that fool no one.

Penny: I don’t even know why I care. I don’t care. All right, I cared enough to memorize that stupid
joke, but that’s all I care.
Sheldon: You know, Penny, there’s something that occurs in beehives you might find interesting.
Occasionally, a new queen will arrive while the old queen is still in power. When this happens, the old
queen must either locate to a new hive or engage in a battle to the death until only one queen remains.
Penny: What are you saying, that I’m threatened by Alicia? That I’m like the old queen of the hive
and it’s just time for me to go?
Sheldon: I’m just talking about bees. They’re on the discovery channel. What are you talking about?
Penny: Bees. Aaah! I just got that physicist joke.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Gee, Penny, thanks for buying us dinner.
Howard: Yeah, what’s the occasion?
Penny: No, no occasion, just felt like getting some Chinese chow for my peeps.
Sheldon: Did you remember to ask for the chicken with broccoli to be diced, not shredded?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Even though the menu description specifies shredded?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Brown rice, not white?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: You stop at the Korean grocery and get the good hot mustard?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Did you pick up the low-sodium soy sauce from the market?
Penny: Yes
Sheldon: Good. See how it’s done, Leonard?
Penny: So, what do we got going on tonight, huh? Playing Halo watching Battlestar, drop some
mentos in diet coke?
Leonard: You want to watch Battlestar?
Penny: What can I say? I got my geek on, boys.

Howard (after Raj whispers to him): No, no, PMS is different. (There is a knock on the door. Leonard
answers it.)
Alicia: Oh, thank God you’re home. I need help.
Leonard: What’s wrong?
Alicia: I just got a callback to audition for CSI to play a hooker who gets killed.
Leonard: Oh, I’d watch that.
Alicia: But my car is in the shop, and I have to be at Universal in forty-five minutes.
Leonard: Okay, well, I’ll take you.
Alicia: Oh, you’re a lifesaver.
Howard: I’ll run lines with you in the car.
Alicia: Great. And afterward, I’ll take you all out for Chinese.
Penny: Oh, actually, that’s okay. we already have…
Howard: Yum. Starving.
Penny: …chinese food right here.
Sheldon: They’re gone, Penny. They can’t hear you.
Penny: I cannot believe they’re letting her just use them like that. I mean, anything she wants, they go
panting after her like trained dogs. You know that just last week, she had Howard drive all the way to
her uncle’s house in Orange County to pick up her TV?
Sheldon: You once had Leonard and me get your television from your ex-boyfriend.
Penny: Apples and oranges here, Sheldon. I’m telling you, that girl is a user, iceskating through the
life on her looks, taking advantage of innocent weak-willed men, getting auditions for stupid network
shows. It creams my corn.
Sheldon: May I interject something here?
Penny: Please.
Sheldon: You got the wrong mustard.
Scene: The laundry room.
Alicia: Hi.
Penny:

Alicia: Guess what? I got the part on CSI.
Penny: Oh boy.
Alicia: Something wrong?
Penny: Uh, no. No, no, no, you know, congratulations, I think you’ll make a great hooker.
Alicia: Thank you. Hey, I got to ask you something, how much do physicists make?
Penny: Um, I don’t know, I don’t think a lot.
Alicia: Yeah, that’s what I figured. Well, got to run, the guys promised to set up my satellite dish and
paint my bedroom. Yay!
Penny: Um, hey, hey, can I talk to you about that for a second?
Alicia: About what?
Penny: Well, you know, it’s just that Leonard and Howard and Raj, they aren’t like other guys.
They’re special.
Alicia: Okay, they’re special, and?
Penny: Oh, let’s see, how can I explain this, um, they don’t know how to use their shields.
Alicia: Shields?
Penny: Yeah, you know, like in Star Trek, when you’re in battle and you raise the shields? Where the
hell did that come from? Anyways, um, you know how guys like this are, so, please don’t take
advantage of them.
Alicia: Who says I’m taking advantage of them?
Penny: Come on, they’re doing everything for you, because you’re leading them on.
Alicia: So I let them do stuff for me. They’re happy. I get stuff. Who cares? And how’s it any
different from what you do?
Penny: Excuse me?
Alicia: I’ve seen you around them. Are you pretending like you don’t do the exact same thing?
Penny: Okay, lady, you are way out of line.
Alicia: Oh, I’m out of line?
Penny: Yeah, you’re out of line.
Alicia: Well, what are you going to do about it, bitch?

Scene: Outside the building.
Raj: I like green lantern, I’m just saying it’s pretty lame that He can be defeated by the colour yellow.
Sheldon: Only the modern green lantern is vulnerable to yellow.
Leonard: Golden age green lantern was vulnerable to wood.
Raj: Great, so I can take them both out with a number-two pencil?
Howard: Oh, my God! Girl fight! (He grabs Leonard)
Leonard: What are you doing?
Howard: I know you. you’re stupid enough to break it up.
Scene: The apartment. Penny has a black eye.
Howard: May I say you look very comely tonight?
Penny: Thank you.
Howard: You’re right, this filly’s been broken.
Sheldon (as music comes down through ceiling): You set it on DTS, didn’t you?
Leonard: I had to, she called me cutie.
Howard: According to Alicia’s facebook page, she’s hooking up with one of the producers on CSI.
Penny: Well, dead whore on TV, live one in real life.
Sheldon: Oh, great now she’s jumping up and down on the bed.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 20
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hu-u-u-uh…. Hu-u-u-uh!
Leonard: Problem?
Sheldon: This is Thai food.
Howard: Here we go.
Sheldon: We don’t have Thai food on Thursday. We have pizza on Thursday.
Leonard: Yes, but we all agreed that the third Thursday of every month would be Anything Can
Happen Thursday.
Sheldon: Well apparently the news didn’t reach my digestive system, which, when startled, has its
own version of Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Howard: Come on, the whole idea behind Anything Can Happen Thursday is to get out of this rut
we’ve been in lately.
Sheldon: Rut? I think you mean consistency. And if we’re going to abandon that, then why even call
it Thursday? Let’s call it Quonko Day and divide it into 29 hours of 17 minutes apiece, and celebrate
it by sacrificing a goat to the mighty god Ra.
Raj: I could go for some goat.
Leonard: Sheldon, we agreed we’d do something different tonight.
Sheldon: All right. Let’s go to the comic book store.
Raj: We went to the comic book store last night.
Sheldon: Last night was Wednesday. Wednesday is comic book night. Tonight, we’ll be going on
Thursday, because it’s Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Leonard: Way to think outside but pressed right up against the box, Sheldon.
Raj: So what are we going to do tonight?
Howard: If I may proffer a suggestion, in bars all across this great nation of ours, Thursday night is
Ladies’ Night. Which means, as the evening progresses, we will get better looking courtesy of 99 cent
margaritas and two-for-one Jell-O shots.
Leonard: Come on, Howard, the odds of us picking up girls in a bar are practically zero.
Howard: Really? Are you familiar with the Drake Equation?

Sheldon: The one that estimates the odds of making contact with extraterrestrials by calculating the
product of an increasingly restrictive series of fractional values such as those stars with planets, and
those planets likely to develop life? N equals R times FP times NE times FL times FI times FC times
L?
Howard: Yeah, that one. You can modify it to calculate our chances of having sex by changing the
formula to use the number of single women in Los Angeles, the number of those who might find us
attractive, and what I call the Wolowitz Coefficient.
Raj: The Wolowitz Coefficient?
Howard: Neediness times dress size squared. Crunching the numbers, I come up with a conservative
5,812 potential sex partners within a 40-mile radius.
Leonard: You’re joking.
Howard: I’m a horny engineer, Leonard. I never joke about math or sex.
Raj: Well, what are we waiting for? Let’s bounce, bitches.
Leonard: You’re right. It’s Anything Can Happen Thursday, let’s hit the clubs and meet hot women!
Raj: Here we go. Lock up your daughters! We’re going to hit it and quit it.
Leonard: Or we could finish eating and go to the comic book store.
Raj: Also a good plan.
Howard: Alright, but next Anything Can Happen Thursday, we’re definitely going to a bar.
Leonard: Oh, absolutely.
Raj: You heard that, Ladies’ Night ladies? We’re eventually coming for you!
Sheldon: Fascinating.
Credits sequence.
Penny: Oh hey, guys, where’re you headed?
Sheldon: To the comic book store. You’re probably thinking, the comic book store? On a Thursday?
Why, I’ve fallen down the rabbit hole and into a land of madness. What you have failed to take into
account, Penny, is that this is Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Penny: You got me. While you’re there, could pick me up a few comics for my nephew’s birthday?
Sheldon: I think you mean comic books. Comics are feeble attempts at humour featuring talking
babies and anthropomorphized pets found traditionally in the optimistically named funny pages.
Penny: Leonard, could you pick me up a few comics for my nephew’s birthday?

Leonard: Sure. What does he like?
Penny: I don’t know, he’s 13. Just pick out anything.
Sheldon: Just pick out anything? Maybe at the same time we can pick out a new suit for him without
knowing his size, or pick out his career for him without knowing his aptitude, or pick out a new
breakfast cereal without knowing his fibre requirements or his feelings about little marshmallows.
Penny: Spider-Man. Get him Spider-Man.
Sheldon: Amazing Spider-Man, Ultimate Spider-Man, Spectacular Spider-Man, The Marvelous
Adventures of Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2099?
Penny: Leonard?
Leonard: You know this can go on all night, why don’t you just come with us?
Penny: Ugh, that’s what I was trying to avoid.
Sheldon: Oh, I forgot Sensational Spider-Man.
Scene: The comic book store.
Penny: Oh, what a cute, little store. Everybody’s staring at me.
Leonard: Don’t worry, they’re more scared of you than you are of them.
Penny: Unlikely. Here, what about this one for my nephew?
Sheldon: A superb choice.
Penny: Oh, great.
Sheldon: Yeah, provided he has already read Infinite Crisis and 52, and is familiar with the reestablishment of the DC multiverse.
Penny: What’s a multiverse?
Sheldon: Get her out of here.
Leonard: Come on, I’ll help you pick something.
Raj: That’s right. She’s with us. Guys like that are so pathetic.
Howard: Tell me about it. Look, a new Batman belt buckle.
Store clerk: Oh, hey, Leonard. Can I help you find something?
Leonard: Oh, hey, Stuart. This is Penny. She’s looking for some comic books.
Stuart: Oh, really. Blink twice if you’re here against your will.

Leonard: I think we’re fine, Stuart.
Stuart: Let me know if you need anything.
Penny: Thanks. He seems like a nice guy.
Leonard: You mean for someone who’s into comic books?
Penny: No, no, no, I just meant for… yeah.
Leonard: Penny, just because people appreciate comic books doesn’t make them weirdos. Stuart’s a
terrific artist. He went to the Rhode Island School of Design.
Penny: What about the guy over there in the superhero T-shirt tucked into his sweatpants?
Leonard: Ah, yeah, that’s Captain Sweatpants. He doesn’t really help the point I’m trying to make.
(Howard and Sheldon are looking through a rack of comic books. Each says “Got it” in turn as they
look past each book until they eventually reach the one in the middle when they both together grab the
book and shout “Need it!”)
Howard: Let it go, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Why should I let it go? I saw it first.
Howard: Yes, but I saw it from the front.
Sheldon: A far less impressive feat.
Howard: Oh, come on! I need this for my Batman collection.
Sheldon: I need it for my Robin collection.
Howard: Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock?
Sheldon: Why would I gamble? It’s mine. Let go.
Howard: You let go.
Sheldon: No, you!
Leonard: Problem?
Sheldon: Yes, he won’t let go of my comic book.
Howard: It’s my comic book!
Sheldon: Leonard, we need a ruling.
Leonard: Uh, cut it in half?

Penny: Excuse me.
Stuart: Hello again.
Penny: Hi. What would you recommend as a present for a 13-year-old boy?
Stuart: A 13-year-old girl. But if you’re dead set on a comic book, try this.
Penny: Oh, Hellblazer. What’s this about?
Stuart: A morally ambiguous confidence man who smokes, has lung cancer and is tormented by the
spirits of the undead.
Penny: Well, if that doesn’t make me the favourite aunt, I don’t know what will. Is this me?
Stuart: Depends. Do you like it?
Penny: It’s really good.
Stuart: Yes, that’s you.
Penny: That’s so sweet, but what if I didn’t like it?
Stuart: It’d still be you, but I’d feel like an idiot.
Leonard: I don’t believe it. Stuart’s putting the moves on Penny.
Howard: I have got to learn how to draw. Hey!
Sheldon: Once again, defeated by your own prurient interests.
Raj: Guys, have you seen Stuart all up in Penny’s business over there?
Leonard: Nobody’s up in anybody’s business, let’s just buy our stuff and go.
Penny: Okay, you’ve got my number, now, give me the picture.
Stuart: You drive a hard bargain, but here.
Penny: All right. So, um, just give me a call.
Sheldon: So, Leonard, how are you enjoying Anything Can Happen Thursday?
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon has the comic book.
Sheldon: Look at that, that’s a dent. Thank you, Howard Ham-Fisted Wolowitz. Did you just shut the
TV off in the middle of the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With
Tribbles crossover episode?
Leonard: Apparently so.

Sheldon: Are you ill?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: All right. Then is it fair to say that you’re experiencing some sort of emotional turmoil over
the events involving Penny earlier this evening?
Leonard: When did you pick up on that?
Sheldon: A moment ago, when you turned off the TV in the middle of }during the classic Deep Space
Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode. Would you like some
advice?
Leonard: Sure, why not?
Sheldon: Then, this is the perfect time to launch a blog with an interactive comments section.
Leonard: Gee, thanks a lot.
Sheldon: Would you rather I offer my personal insight?
Leonard: I don’t need any insights. I just want to know why Penny’s more interested in Stuart than me.
We’re practically the same guy.
Sheldon: Oh, I disagree. Stuart is taller, artistic, self-employed and, most significantly, he gets 45
percent off comic books.
Leonard: You’re right, I really should be asking strangers on the Internet.
Sheldon: My original point.
Scene: The stairs.
Sheldon: Chinese food, vintage video games. After the nightmare of Anything Can Happen Thursday,
this is Friday night the way it was meant to be.
Howard: Who’s up for Sheldon-Free Saturday?
Penny (coming out of apartment): Oh, hey guys.
Leonard: Hey, Penny… and Stuart, hey Stuart.
Stuart: Hey, guys.
Howard: So what are you kids up to?
Penny: Uh, Stuart has a piece in an art show that’s opening tonight.
Leonard: And you guys are going together, great…
Stuart: It is great. Really great. Freaking awesome. What are you guys doing?

Penny: It’s Friday night, that means Chinese food and vintage video games, right?
Sheldon: Vintage doesn’t even begin to describe what we have planned. Tonight, we are playing the
classic 1980 interactive text adventure, Zork. It’s the buggy beta version.
Penny: Wow, Zork. Well, you guys have fun.
Stuart: Yeah, see you guys.
Howard: See you, Stuart.
Leonard: Hey, Howard?
Howard: Yes.
Leonard: Take me to a bar with women.
Howard: Really?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: Okay! Let me just go inside and slip off my underwear.
Leonard: Why?
Howard: Well, if I get lucky, I don’t want to be caught in my Aquaman briefs.
Leonard (to Raj): Do you…? (Raj checks his underwear) Let’s go.
Scene: A bar.
Raj: May I have a grasshopper with a little umbrella, please?
Howard: No, he may not.
Raj: Why?
Howard: I’m not sitting here with a guy drinking a grasshopper with a little umbrella.
Raj: Fine. I’ll have a chocolate martini.
Howard: Wrong again!
Raj: Come on, you know I can’t talk to women unless I’m lit up like the Hindu festival of Diwali.
Howard: Look, there are plenty of bars in Los Angeles where you can order grasshoppers and
chocolate martinis, but you wouldn’t have to because there are no women in them.
Raj: Gotcha. I’ll have a Brandy Alexander.
Howard: All right, the Three Musketeers just became the Dynamic Duo.

Leonard: Should we talk to some of these women?
Howard: It’s way too early in the night for that. See, first we let the lawyers and the jocks thin the
herd, and then we go after the weak and the old and the lame.
Leonard: That’s your system?
Howard: That’s my system. Oh, and if you spot a chick with a Seeing Eye dog, she’s mine.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: Oh come on. I think it’s nice that Captain Sweatpants showed up to your art opening.
Stuart: Yeah, it would have been nicer if he hadn’t touched all the cheese.
Penny: Um, you know, it’s kind of early. Do you want to maybe come in for some coffee or
something?
Stuart: Oh, gee, it’s a little late for coffee, isn’t it?
Penny: Oh, you think coffee, means coffee, that is so sweet. Come on, I think I have decaf.
Sheldon: Oh, good, Stuart, I thought I heard your voice. Do you have a moment?
Stuart: Uh, yeah, I guess.
Penny: Sheldon, we’re a little busy here, so…
Sheldon: What are you doing?
Stuart: We’re having coffee.
Sheldon: Isn’t it a little late for coffee?
Stuart: It’s okay. She thinks she has decaf.
Penny: I’ll just go look for it.
Stuart: What’s up?
Sheldon: Well, I’ve spent the last three hours in an online debate in the DC Comics Batman chatroom,
and I need your help.
Stuart: Oh yeah. Those guys can be very stubborn. What’s the topic?
Sheldon: I am asserting, in the event that Batman’s death proves permanent, that original Robin, Dick
Grayson, is the logical successor to the Bat Cowl.
Stuart: Ooh, Sheldon, I’m afraid you couldn’t be more wrong.
Sheldon: More wrong? Wrong is an absolute state and not subject to gradation.

Stuart: Of course it is. It’s a little wrong to say a tomato is a vegetable, it’s very wrong to say it’s a
suspension bridge. But returning to the original issue, Dick Grayson became Nightwing, a superhero
in his own right. Batman 2 has to be the second Robin, Jason Todd.
Sheldon: Has to be? Has to be? I hope you’re being deliberately provocative.
Penny: I found the decaf!
Stuart: Oh, great!
Sheldon: Yeah, herbal tea for me, please.
Scene: The bar.
Raj: Barkeep! Alexander me.
Leonard: How about those two?
Howard: Nah, they’re eating peanuts, and my allergies, one kiss would put me in Cedar-Sinai for a
week.
Leonard: What about the ones in the corner?
Howard: Possible, very possible. Do you want the one in the whiplash collar or the one who keeps
blinking?
Leonard: I think Blinky’s cute.
Howard: You got it, sir.
Leonard: Wait, so we just go over there?
Howard: No, we have a little prep work to do. Put this in your mouth. We walk past them, you
stumble a bit. I say, sorry, my friend’s had a little too much, and then I start to pull it out of your
mouth and say, a little too much fun. Get it? I mean, they’re laughing, we’re laughing, and then we
get them up to about a .15 blood alcohol level, and tell them we’re millionaires.
Leonard: What else you got?
Howard: Depends. Are you willing to sit on my lap and pretend to be a ventriloquist dummy?
Leonard: No.
Howard: I can’t sit on your lap, you don’t know the routine.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Stuart: I’m sorry, but you’re obviously stuck in a pre-Zero Hour DC universe.
Sheldon: Of course I am. Removing Joe Chill as the killer of Batman’s parents effectively deprived
him of his raison d’être.

Stuart: Okay, you can throw all the French around you want, it doesn’t make you right.
Sheldon: Au contraire.
Stuart: Plus, you’re forgetting that the Infinite Crisis storyline restored Joe Chill to the Batman
mythology.
Sheldon: I am forgetting nothing and I resent your tone.
Stuart: Okay, look, Sheldon, it’s late and I’ve got to get some sleep.
Sheldon: So, I win.
Stuart: No, I’m tired.
Sheldon: So, I win.
Stuart: Fine. You win.
Sheldon: Darn tootin’, I win.
Stuart: Penny, I really had a terrific time. Penny?
Sheldon: No, no, no, no, don’t wake her. She’ll maul you like a rabid wolverine.
Stuart: You know, I don’t think that was decaf.
Scene: The bar.
Howard: Wait, is this your card or isn’t it? Trust me, this was their card.
Leonard: I thought you were good at this. You’re always talking about how you go to bars and meet
women.
Howard: I do, all the time.
Leonard: Well, what happened? We’ve been sitting here all night and the longest conversation you’ve
had with a woman was when your mom called.
Howard: Wow, you’re just going to make me come out and say it, aren’t you?
Leonard: Say what?
Howard: You’re weighing me down. I’m a falcon who hunts better solo.
Leonard: Fine. I’ll sit here. You take flight and hunt.
Howard: Don’t be ridiculous, you can’t just tell a falcon when to hunt.
Leonard: Actually, you can. There’s a whole sport built around it. Falconry.

Howard: Shut up. Let’s just get Koothrappali and go. (They turn to see Raj with his tongue down the
throat of a “larger lady” by the bar.) Lucky bastard. It’s got to be that stupid accent of his. (To a girl
nearby) Hello. I am Sanjay Wolowitz from Bombay. Okay, I’m stumped.
Scene: Raj’s apartment. He wakes up clutched in the arms of the large lady. Tries to get away. She
clutches him tighter. He shrugs and goes back to sleep.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 21
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Okay, are you from Star Wars universe?
Leonard: Yes
Howard: Were you in the original trilogy?
Leonard: Yes
Howard: Is there a picture of you in my wallet wearing a metal bikini?
Leonard: God, I hope not. And no, I’m not Princess Leia.
Raj: Oh, okay, okay, my turn. Are you in the six Star Wars movies?
Leonard: Yes
Raj: Interesting. Are you a Droid?
Leonard: Yes
Raj: Do you kind of look like a shiny Sheldon?
Leonard: Yes
Raj: C3PO.
Leonard: You got it.
Sheldon: That’s preposterous. I do not resemble C3PO. Don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered, I just don’t
see it.
Howard (phone rings): Leslie Winkle. You’ve reached friends with benefits. For a booty call, press
one now.
Sheldon: What exactly does that expression mean, friends with benefits? Does he provide her with
health insurance?
Leonard: No. Look, imagine you maintained a friendship with someone you had sex with, but you
were free to date whoever you wanted.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, I can’t imagine any of that.
Leonard: Alright, back to the game.

Sheldon: I believe it’s my turn, you may begin your questions whenever you’re ready.
Raj: Are you Spock?
Sheldon: I don’t like this game.
Howard: So, where were we?
Raj: Aren’t you leaving for your booty call?
Howard: No, it was something else. Why does everything have to be about sex with you? Come on.
Who’s turn is it?
Leonard: We were up to you.
Howard: Great, just start.
Leonard: Okay, let’s see. Are you from a TV series?
Howard: She dumped me!
Sheldon: I bet he’s someone from Babylon 5, we’re never going to guess.
Credits sequence.
Scene: A few moments later.
Raj: What happened with Leslie, why did she dump you?
Howard: I don’t know. She just said Howard, momma’s a rolling stone. And then her call waiting
beeped and she was gone.
Sheldon: I don’t understand. If you were in a non-emotional relationship then why are you
having what appears be an emotional response?
Leonard: Sheldon, he obviously had feelings for her.
Howard: Of course I had feelings for her, I saw her naked for God’s sake!
Leonard: Okay, uh look, you just need to get your mind off it. Do you want to go to the comic book
store? Maybe go see a movie?
Howard: I don’t want to go anywhere.
Sheldon: You know, I’m given to understand that there is an entire city in Nevada designed
specifically to help people like Howard forget their problems. Where you can replace them with new
problems such as alcoholism, gambling addiction and sexually transmitted diseases.
Raj: Is it me, or was that Sheldon’s way of saying Vegas baby!
Leonard: I’ve never been there, have you?

Raj: Me? No. I just got Vegas baby from Vince Vaughn in Swingers. .
Howard: It could be fun. I know my weekend’s wide open, now that…
Leonard: Okay, then let’s do this, lets go to Las Vegas.
Howard: Now? Right now?
Leonard: Why not? People do things right now all the time. Why can’t we be right now people too.
Go home, pack a bag and we’ll be right now people. I have to stop at the drug store to refill a
prescription, but after that we’ll go right now.
Raj: What do you say, Howard?
Howard: I say Vegas baby!
Raj: What are you going to tell your mother?
Howard: Sea World, baby!
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, are you coming?
Sheldon: I’d rather have a blowfly lay eggs and hatch larvae in my auditory canal.
Leonard: Great, we’ll bring you back a tee-shirt.
Scene: The lobby.
Sheldon: Thank you. Hello, neighbour.
Penny: Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: And how are you doing this fine evening?
Penny: Great.
Sheldon: Good. I’m glad.
Penny: Really? Are you drunk?
Sheldon: I’m just in a good mood. While my compatriots are in Las Vegas, I will be enjoying a
blissful evening in my personal Fortress of Solitude.
Penny: That’s Superman’s big ice thing, right?
Sheldon: Do you know, I’m such a good mood, I’m actually finding your tenuous grasp of the English
language folksy and charming today.
Penny: Mmm, what smells so good?

Sheldon: That is the intoxicating aroma of Kadhai Paneer, a perfect culinary representation of the
freedom this evening holds. Not only is it Indian cuisine, which Koothrappali loathes, it contains a
generous helping of peanuts, which would reduce Wolowitz to a wheezing 97 pound blister. And
finally, it’s main ingredient is Paneer, a farmer’s cheese which would cause Leonard to render any
room uninhabitable within minutes.
Penny: Yum. Well, enjoy your big evening.
Sheldon: Penny. I realize you are also on your own tonight, so if at some point you find yourself with
nothing to do, please do not disturb me.
Penny: Have fun, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, I shall. (Sings Superman theme while searching his pockets.) No!
Penny: What’s wrong, Superman? Locked out of your big ice thingy?
Scene: A Vegas bathroom.
Raj: Look at this, mouthwash, lotion, body wash, shampoo and conditioner together in one tiny bottle.
I love Las Vegas.
Leonard: Howard, could I borrow some after shave?
Howard: Black case, top compartment.
Leonard: That is a lot of cologne.
Howard: First row are your musks, second is wood, leathers and botanicals, third is assorted
pheromones, tread lightly.
Raj (finding a large quantity of condoms): That’s the spirit, Howard. Yes, we can.
Leonard: Come on, let’s go.
Howard: You guys go ahead, I just have to finish up an email.
Leonard: That’s not an email, that’s Leslie’s facebook page.
Howard: Okay, fine, I’m checking her facebook page, look at her status update, she’s saying she
dumped me, people need to know I dumped her.
Raj: But she did dump you.
Howard: Grow up, Raj,there’s no place for truth on the internet. Just go, I’ll catch up with you.
Leonard: Alright.
Raj: Oh, we should have a plan in case one of us gets lucky.

Leonard: Okay, uh, if I get lucky I’ll take her to my stately manor outside Gotham City, and if you get
lucky, I’ll sleep on the moon.
Raj: Sounds like a plan.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: Hang on, I think the emergency key is around here somewhere.
Sheldon: We have a bowl. Our keys go in a bowl. You should get a bowl.
Penny: So, how did the beautiful mind of Sheldon Cooper forget his key in the first place.
Sheldon: I left them in the bowl.
Penny: Oh-oh. I just remembered where the emergency key is.
Sheldon: Where?
Penny: In your apartment.
Sheldon: What’s it doing in my apartment?
Penny: Well, I went in there a few weeks ago when you guys weren’t home, and I forgot it there.
Sheldon: You were in my… why would you… what are you saying?
Penny: It’s not a big deal, I was making coffee and I ran out of milk.
Sheldon: You’re the milk thief! Leonard said I was crazy but I knew that carton felt lighter.
Penny: Alright, Sheldon, let’s just calm down and we’ll call the building manager, he’ll come open
your door, you just eat your dinner here while you’re waiting.
Sheldon: Eat? My dinner? In your apartment?
Penny: Yeah, why not?
Sheldon: Sure, why not? And after the sun’s down we can all pile in my pick-up and go skinnydipping down at the creek. ‘Cause today’s the day to stop making sense.
Scene: A bar at the Las Vegas Casino.
Leonard (to barmaid): Thanks.
Raj: I’m telling you, Leonard, video slot machines, free drinks brought to us by a bosomy barmaid
and all you can eat shrimp for $3.95. Disneyland can suck it. This is the real happiest place on earth.
Leonard (as he wins on his slot machine): Dude, check it out. That’s laundry for a month!
Woman (leaning over Raj): Hi.

Raj (taking a big gulp of his drink): Hello.
Woman: What’s your name?
Raj: Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali.
Woman: Hello Rajesh Ram… Hi, Rajesh, I’m Michaela.
Raj: Hello, Michaela.
Michaela: So, are you interested a little party?
Raj: Why, yes, I love to party. Party is my middle name. Or it would be, if it weren’t Ramayan.
Leonard: Uh, Raj, can I, can I talk to you for a moment.
Raj: Not now, Leonard, Michaela’s inviting me to a party. You better call the moon and you make
sure that they have a bed for you.
Leonard: Yeah, I really need to talk to you.
Raj: Excuse me, I’ll be right back. Don’t go anywhere. Don’t move. Just stay the beautiful unspoiled
American flower that you are. (To Leonard) What’s wrong with you dude, that woman was all up in
my jammy.
Leonard: Okay, I hate to break this to you and whatever your jammy is, but, I’m pretty sure she is a
prostitute.
Raj: What? No. ..
Leonard: Okay, let me put it this way, in your entire life, how many gorgeous women have walked
straight up to you in a bar and asked if you wanted to party.
Raj: Maybe I can save her.
Leonard: Maybe, but I’m guessing it will cost you about $500 an hour to try.
Raj: It was lovely meeting you, best of luck in your future endeavours.
Michaela: Whatever.
Raj: Oh, I miss her already.
Leonard: Oh, Howard’s losing it. Check out his latest twitters. “I’m at the bottom of a black hole
staring into the abyss. My life is meaningless, my future is without hope.”
Raj: Why don’t we take him to see the Blue Man Group?
Leonard: You think that’d help?
Raj: USA Today calls them exuberant fun for the whole family.

Leonard: I don’t know, Howard isn’t really the family fun kind of guy.
Raj: It’s too bad he wasn’t here for that hooker. She’s exactly his type. A hooker. You know, I bet if
we hired her, that would cheer him up.
Leonard: We’re not going to get Wolowitz a hooker.
Raj (reading Howard’s twitter): “I’m so lonely and horny I may open this $20 jar of peanuts and end
it all.”
Leonard: Suppose it wouldn’t hurt to get an estimate.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: So, how was your day?
Penny: Are you trying to make small talk? Oh, sweetie, you really don’t have to.
Sheldon: No, it’s the accepted convention. How was your day?
Penny: Well, uh, they shifted my schedule around at the restaurant so my hours are going to be a little
different…
Sheldon: I’m sorry, that’s not going to interest me at all, just eat.
Scene: The casino bar.
Raj: Hello again.
Michaela: Oh, hi.
Leonard: Yeah, hi, listen, m, if you’re not busy, well, w-we were thinking you could… well, we were
wondering…
Raj: If you’re really a prostitute.
Michaela: You guys cops?
Together: No.
Michaela: I am a prostitute.
Leonard: Okay, great. Um… uh, the thing is, we’ve got this friend, and he’s kind of down in the
dumps, and we thought that maybe you could cheer him up.
Raj: With sex.
Leonard: I think she knows what I meant.
Raj: How can she when you beat around the bush. She’s from the mean streets where they shoot from
the hip and keep it real.

Michaela: Don’t worry, I can take good care of your friend.
Leonard: Okay, terrific. Um, uh, listen, is there a way that we can do this where he doesn’t know that
you’re a… you know…
Raj: Prostitute.
Michaela: You want the girlfriend experience.
Leonard: Yes, yeah, exactly, the girlfriend experience.
Raj: Uh, actually, if it’s not too much to ask, could we have the Jewish girlfriend experience.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: Okay, that’s question 20, you have to guess.
Penny: Oh, God, I don’t know Sheldon, are you Star Wars?
Sheldon: How can one person be a whole movie?
Penny: Okay, I give up, can we just do something else?
Sheldon: Fine. I was Spock. Are you and Leonard friends with benefits.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Are you and Leonard friends with benefits?
Penny: Where did that even come from, did he say we were?
Sheldon: No, Leonard said nothing, but who knows what goes on over here when he pretends your
mail was misdelivered.
Penny: No, just mail, no benefits.
Sheldon: Hmm, I see.
Penny: Why are you asking?
Sheldon: I’m curious about the whole social construct. On its face, the idea of satisfying ones sexual
appetite, assuming one is afflicted with such, without emotional entanglement, that seems eminently
practical. What I’ve observed, however, is Howard Wolowitz crying like a little girl.
Penny: Well, some people just can’t handle that kind of relationship.
Sheldon: Can you?
Penny: Excuse me?
Sheldon: Are you able to have sex with men without developing an emotional attachment?

Penny: Sheldon, I really don’t want to talk about this with you.
Sheldon: Is this conversation making you uncomfortable?
Penny: Of course it’s making me uncomfortable, can’t you tell?
Sheldon: I really have no idea. I don’t particularly excel at reading facial expressions, body
language…
Penny: I’m uncomfortable, Sheldon!
Sheldon: Thank you, that’s very helpful.
Scene: The casino bar.
Howard: Alright, where are these amazing shrimp?
Leonard: Behold?
Howard: Seriously, you think this is the size of a baby’s arm?
Raj: A little baby.
Howard: I’m going back to the room.
Michaela (arriving): Boy, would it maybe kill them to put out a nice brisket?
Howard: Hi there, Howard Wolowitz.
Michaela: Esther Rosenblatt.
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Penny: I don’t think the manager’s coming tonight so, here.
Sheldon: Are you suggesting I sleep on the couch.
Penny: Well, it wasn’t the first suggestion that came to mind, but it’s the one I’m going with.
Sheldon: I can’t sleep on your couch. I sleep in a bed. And given it’s dimensions I have no intention
of living out E.M. Snickering’s beloved children’s book , The Tall Man From Cornwall.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: There was a tall man from Cornwall whose length exceeded his bed. My body fits on it, but
barely upon it, there’s no room for my big Cornish head.
Penny: Oh, alright. I will give you my bed on one condition. That you promise to zip your hole for the
next eight hours.
Sheldon: May I say one last thing.

Penny: Only if it doesn’t rhyme.
Sheldon: Alright. Goodnight.
Scene: The casino bar.
Michaela: Turn ons. Let me see. Reading a good book in front of the fire. Long walks on the beach.
Getting freaky on the Sabbath with a bacon cheeseburger.
Howard: Really, me too.
Michaela: Oy gevalt, you’re hot.
Howard: Yeah. Excuse me for a moment.
Leonard: Hey, how’s it going.
Howard: Cut the crap, you set this up, didn’t you?
Leonard: Yes.
Howard: She’s a hooker, isn’t she.
Raj: A prostitute, yes.
Howard: You already gave her the money?
Leonard: Yes.
Howard: Thank you!
Scene: Penny’s apartment.
Sheldon: Penny.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: I can’t sleep. how are you going?
Penny: Maybe that’s because your hole is still open.
Sheldon: I’m homesick.
Penny: Your home is twenty feet from here.
Sheldon: Twenty feet, twenty light years, it doesn’t matter. It’s in a galaxy far, far away.
Penny: Damn it. What do you want me to do
Sheldon: Sing soft kitty.

Penny: That’s only for when you’re sick.
Sheldon: Homesick is a type of being sick.
Penny: Come on, do I really have to?
Sheldon: I suppose we can stay up and talk.
Penny: Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, um…
Sheldon: Sleepy kitty.
Penny: Sleepy ki…
Sheldon: No. Start over.
Penny: Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
Sheldon: Penny.
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Thank you for letting me stay here.
Penny: Oh, you’re welcome sweetie.
Sheldon: Okay, I’m sleepy now, get out.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Oh, good, you’re finally home.
Leonard: What were you doing at Penny’s?
Sheldon: Well, we had dinner, uh, played some games, and then I spent the night. Oh, you’ll be happy
to know that I now have a much better understanding of friends with benefits.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 22
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: Smell that? That’s the smell of new comic books. Oh, yes!
Howard: They’re on me today, boys.
Raj: You’re paying? Have you been selling your sperm again?
Howard: No, I’m celebrating. As we speak, the space shuttle is docking at the International Space
Station where it will deploy the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Waste Disposal System.
Raj: Oh, get over yourself, it’s a high-tech toilet.
Leonard: Just think. Thanks to your hard work, an international crew of astronauts will boldly go
where no man has gone before.
Howard: Is that supposed to be funny?
Sheldon: I believe it is. The combination of the Star Trek reference and the play on words involving
the double-meaning of the verb to go suggests that Leonard is humorously mocking your efforts in
space plumbing.
Howard: Okay, make your little jokes, but of the four of us, I’m the only one making any real-world
contribution to science and technology.
Raj: He’s right. This is an important achievement, for two reasons. Number one, and, of course,
number two.
Sheldon: Oh, clever! Playing on the use of cardinal numbers as euphemisms for bodily functions.
Stuart: Here, Sheldon, I pulled the new Hellboy for you. It’s mind-blowing.
Sheldon: Excuse me, spoiler alert.
Stuart: I didn’t spoil anything.
Sheldon: You told me it’s mind-blowing, so, my mind is going into it pre-blown. And once a mind is
pre-blown, it cannot be re-blown.
Stuart: I’m sorry.
Sheldon: Said the Grinch to Christmas.
Stuart: Uh, hey, Leonard, can I talk to you about something?

Leonard: Oh, sure, what’s up?
Stuart: Remember I went out with your friend Penny a couple weeks ago?
Leonard: Yeah, vaguely.
Raj: Sure you remember. You went to the bar and made a fool of yourself trying to pick up strange
women.
Leonard: What about it?
Stuart: Well, uh, the thing is, the date didn’t go that well.
Leonard: Oh, too bad. I guess the thing to do now is just pick yourself up, dust yourself off, forget it
and move on.
Stuart: I can’t do that.
Leonard: Why the hell not?
Stuart: ‘Cause we’re going out again tomorrow.
Sheldon: Excuse me, Stuart. Have you read the new Flash?
Stuart: No.
Sheldon: Well, I have and it will knock your socks off! Good luck getting them back on.
Stuart: Uh, anyway, I figured this is probably my last shot with Penny and I don’t want to screw it up.
Leonard: Nobody wants that.
Stuart: So, here’s my question. It’s the second date, you think she’ll be expecting things to get
physical?
Leonard: Uh, oh, gee, my initial reaction is no. You know, let me think about it and get back to you,
okay?
Stuart: Okay, so, you’ll give me a call?
Leonard: Yeah, or you call me.
Stuart: Great.
Leonard: Or nobody calls anyone.
Raj: Interesting. Penny’s current suitor asking advice from her former suitor.
Leonard: You know, thanks for closed-captioning my pain, Raj.

Howard: Hey, wanna make sure he gets nowhere with Penny without jeopardizing your friendship
with either of them?
Leonard: I’m listening.
Howard: Just tell him to do everything you’ve done with her for the last two years.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The lobby.
Penny: Hey, Leonard.
Leonard: Oh, hi.
Penny: How’s it going?
Leonard: Good, good. You?
Penny: Fine. Oh, hey, can I ask you something?
Leonard: Sure.
Penny: You know your friend Stuart?
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: Well, he asked me out again and I said yes, and then I started thinking maybe I should talk to
you first.
Leonard: About what?
Penny: Well, does it bother you, me going out with one of your friends? ‘Cause you know, you and
me…
Leonard: No, no that’s the past. I’m really more of a right now kind of guy. You know, living in the
moment. Although I do have to live a little in the future, ’cause, well, that’s my job. Of course, my
fondness for classic science fiction does draw my attention backwards, but those stories often take
place in the future. In conclusion, no, it doesn’t bother me.
Penny: Okay, well, that’s really cool of you.
Leonard: Yeah, well I wouldn’t say cool, I’d just say, that’s Leonard!
Penny: Well, In that case, do you mind giving me some advice?
Leonard: About Stuart? Love to.
Penny: He’s very shy, how do I make him feel more comfortable around me?
Leonard: Well, uh, first of all, don’t underestimate the value of discomfort.

Penny: Really?
Leonard: Well, yeah, Stuart thrives under pressure, that’s why he works in a comic book store.
Scene: The university cafeteria. Leonard’s phone rings.
Leonard: Oh. It’s Stuart.
Sheldon: You’re not going to answer it?
Leonard: He wants to talk about Penny. I don’t want to talk about Penny.
Sheldon: You’re making an assumption. Perhaps the comic book store is on fire, and he needs your
assistance.
Leonard: Why would he call me?
Sheldon: We don’t know. And if you don’t answer the phone, we can’t know.
Leonard: I’m not answering the phone, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Answer the phone, Leonard.
Leonard: No! There, it went to voice mail.
Sheldon: Aren’t you going to check your messages?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: You have to check your messages, the leaving of a message is one half of a social contract
which is completed by the checking of the message. If that contract breaks down then all social
contracts break down and we descend into anarchy.
Leonard: It must be hell inside your head.
Sheldon: At times.
Howard: Guys, we have a code red.
Sheldon: Do you mean code red the hospital emergency alert, code red the computer worm, or code
red the cherry flavoured soft drink from the makers of Mountain Dew?
Howard: Look, I was going over the schematics on my zero-G toilet, and I made a teeny tiny mistake
on the specifications for the diverter valve.
Leonard: How teeny tiny?
Howard: It’s gonna fail after about ten flushes.
Sheldon: But the mission is for six months.

Howard: Yeah, see, that’s the code red. It’s kind of like a jack-in-the-box, no one knows exactly when,
but at some point something way worse than a puppet is gonna pop out of that box.
Sheldon: Have you notified NASA?
Howard: No. Are you crazy?What am I gonna say? I screwed up your toilet and pretty soon there’s
gonna be crap floating all over your nice shiny space station?
Leonard: Well, what are you gonna do?
Howard: I’m gonna figure out how to fix it, then I’ll tell them.
Leonard: So, what do you need us for?
Raj: He can’t figure out how to fix it.
Howard: Hey, you said you were gonna be supportive.
Raj: I’m trying, but you have to admit this is pretty damn funny.
Sheldon: I agree. It’s the juxtaposition of the high-tech nature of space exploration against the
banality of a malfunctioning toilet that provides the comic fodder here. Check your messages.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: All right, this is an exact duplicate of the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Human Waste Disposal
System as deployed on the International Space Station.
Raj: Don’t you mean the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Human Waste Distribution System?
Leonard: Good one.
Raj: Yeah.
Howard: Yeah, ha, it’s hilarious. Now, here’s an approximation of the spare parts available on the
Space Station. We gotta find a way, using nothing but this, to reinforce this so the waste material
avoids the spinning turbine.
Raj: You mean so it doesn’t hit the fan?
Sheldon: Yeah, I have to say, I thought the toilet humour would get less funny with repetition.
Apparently, there is no law of diminishing comedic returns with space poop. (There is a knock on the
door)
Stuart: Hey Leonard.
Leonard: Hey Stuart.
Stuart: You busy?
Leonard: Um…

Howard: Classified, Leonard.
Leonard: Yeah, it’s a regular Manhattan Project. What’s up?
Stuart: Well, tonight’s my date with Penny and since we haven’t been able to connect by phone…
Leonard: Yeah, I’m sorry, it’s been broken.
Stuart: Or e-mail.
Leonard: Yeah, that too. Everything’s broken.
Stuart: Anyway, I was just wondering if you had any last-minute advice.
Leonard: All right, well, off the top of my head, I think the most important thing with Penny is to go
really slow. I mean, glacial.
Stuart: Okay.
Leonard: You know, guys come onto her all the time, so, you need to, like, set yourself apart. You
know, be a little shy, don’t make too much eye contact. And, you know, treat her with, like, cool
detachment and, and, and, you know, fear.
Stuart: Fear?
Leonard: Yeah, like, you’re afraid that if you touch her, she’ll break.
Stuart: Well, that plays right into my wheelhouse.
Leonard: Good, good. Well, you kids have fun tonight.
Stuart: Thanks, Leonard. What is that thing anyway?
Howard: You don’t know what this is?
Stuart: No.
Howard: Good. Get out.
Raj: Be afraid of Penny, nice, very crafty.
Leonard: It wasn’t bad advice. It just wasn’t particularly helpful.
Sheldon: For what it’s worth, my mother says that when we deceive for personal gain, we make Jesus
cry.
Scene: Later.
Sheldon: All right, what if we use this two-inch PVC to reinforce the centre cross-support?

Howard: No good. I mean, it might work for the Japanese and the Americans, but have you seen the
size of the Russians they got up there? This thing has to hold up against a hearty potato-based diet.
Leonard: I feel terrible.
Howard: Maybe if you were helping, you’d feel better about yourself.
Leonard: I deliberately tried to sabotage Stuart’s date with Penny.
Raj: Of course you feel terrible. You completely screwed up your karma, dude.
Sheldon: You don’t really believe in that superstition, do you?
Raj: It’s not superstition. It’s practically Newtonian. For every action, there’s an equal and opposite
reaction. Leonard pretends to be a friend and acts like a two-faced bitch, therefore, he is reborn as a
banana slug. It’s actually a very elegant system, you know, what goes around comes around.
Howard: Speaking of what goes around comes around…
Raj: Okay, look. Instead of trying to reinforce this structure here, what if we just ran another line,
bypass it entirely?
Sheldon: It won’t work. The diameter of the tubing is insufficient.
Raj: What if we reposition the collection tank?
Sheldon: It won’t work. No way to mount it.
Howard: Okay, here’s an idea. What if I change my name and go live with my cousin and her husband
Avi in Israel?
Sheldon: That could work.
Scene: Outside Penny’s door. Leonard knocks, Penny answers in her dressing gown.
Leonard: Morning.
Penny: Morning. What’s up?
Leonard: Nothing. We just pulled an all-nighter trying to fix a zero-gravity… pasta maker. I’m gonna
make a coffee run. Do you want any?
Penny: Oh, no, thanks. I have coffee.
Leonard: Great. So how’d it go with Stuart last night?
Penny: I really don’t want to talk about it.
Leonard: Yeah. Right. Sure. The thing is, before you guys went out, I spoke to him and…
Penny: I said I don’t want to talk about it.

Leonard: Okay… I just… I kind of…
Penny: Look, Leonard, what goes on between me and Stuart is none of your business. So just leave it
alone, okay?
Raj: If you really want to clean up your karma, go get my freakin’ latte.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Hang on, I think I’ve got this. Help me see if we can wedge this little piece of PVC behind
the support rod.
Sheldon: You’re overestimating the tensile strength of the substructure you’re building.
Howard: Sheldon, I know what I’m doing.
Sheldon: If you knew what you were doing, there wouldn’t be a space toilet where my coffee table
should be.
Raj: Howard, wait. Why don’t you use this instead of the PVC to keep the transverse filter assembly
in place?
Howard: Because this is not a spare part from the space station. This is the thing from the pizza box
that keeps the lid from touching the cheese.
Raj: That what that’s for? In India, the lid just touches the cheese. Of course, we also have rampant
poverty and periodic outbreaks of cholera, so a little cardboard in our cheese is no biggie.
Howard: Where are you going?
Leonard: Comic book store.
Sheldon: Oh, an excellent idea! I could certainly use a break.
Raj: Me, too.
Howard: Hold on, you can go to the comic book store when man can once again safely poop in space.
Sheldon: Why does Leonard get to go?
Leonard: ‘Cause he’s upset over his situation with Penny and if I have to hear about it again, I’m
going to kick him in his ovaries.
Leonard: Thanks for understanding, Howard.
Howard: I got your back, sister. All right, I think we’ve got a prototype ready to test. Hand me that
Tupperware.
Raj: Wow, that’s heavy.
Howard: Damn right it’s heavy, it’s my mother’s meat loaf, it’s been testing toilets for generations.

Sheldon: I must say, Howard, I think a detailed letter to MIT describing your current circumstances
might entitle you to a refund on your master’s degree.
Howard: Okay, simulated zero-gravity human waste disposal test with meat loaf analog in three, two,
one. (Switches flush. Meatloaf hits ceiling.)
Sheldon: Fascinating.
Raj: What do you think the problem is?
Howard: Not enough bread crumbs.
Scene: The comic book store.
Leonard: Hey, Stuart, I need to talk to you.
Stuart: Sure, what’s up?
Leonard: I think I gave you bad advice about Penny, and I want to apologize.
Stuart: No, your advice was great.
Leonard: It was?
Stuart: Yeah, going slow really worked.
Leonard: You’re kidding. Never worked for me.
Stuart: Yeah, last night at dinner, I did what you told me, I went really slow, I kept my distance, and
two bottles of wine later, we were making out in my car.
Leonard: Wine? I didn’t say to give her wine.
Stuart: It doesn’t matter, that’s where it all went to hell.
Leonard: During the kissing? What did you do, sneeze in her mouth? I did that to a girl once.
Stuart: No, everything was good and really hot, and I said “Oh, Penny,” and right where she was
supposed to say, “Oh, Stuart,” she said… your name.
Leonard: Leonard?
Stuart: That is your name, right?
Leonard: Yeah, no, yeah, wow, I’m sorry. That must’ve been the last thing you wanted to hear.
Stuart: Well, it beats you know I’m a dude, right? Yeah, it was pretty bad.
Leonard: No doubt, no doubt. Okay, well, I’m sorry it didn’t work out.
Stuart: Not your fault.

Leonard: Yeah, how about that? See you soon.
Stuart: Yeah, sure.
Scene: The apartment. Howard is on the phone.
Howard: Yes, sir, I understand classified. We’ll keep it all classified, no one has to know but you and
me.
Penny: What’s classified?
Leonard: Howard’s space toilet. I’ll tell you later.
Howard: Well, they’ve deployed our solution. Let’s just all hope it works.
Sheldon: I don’t see why I have to worry. My career’s not hanging in the balance. That was a joke.
It’s funny, because it’s true.
Penny: Leonard, could you pass the soy sauce, please?
Leonard: I’m sorry, were you talking to me?
Penny: Yeah, I said Leonard.
Leonard: Yes, you did, didn’t you?
Penny: What the hell is that?
Howard: Meatloaf.
Leonard: What was it doing on the ceiling?
Howard: That’s classified.
Scene: The International Space Station.
Voice: Houston, International Space Station. We have a little situation up here. We’d like to make an
unscheduled space walk.
Houston: ISS, Houston. Which crew members would be involved in this E.V.A.?
ISS voice: Houston, we’d all like to step outside for a few minutes.
Houston: ISS, I’m afraid we can’t authorize that.
ISS voice: Uh, Houston, this is more of an FYI call. We are basically out the door.

Bigbang theory Season2 Episode 23
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is working on a whiteboard.
Sheldon: Oh, boy.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I can’t comment without violating our agreement that I don’t criticize your work.
Leonard: Then what was oh, boy?
Sheldon: Great restraint on my part.
Leonard: There’s nothing wrong with the science here.
Sheldon: Perhaps you mean a different thing than I do when you say science.
Leonard (making a change): Okay, how’s that?
Sheldon: You actually had it right in the first place. Once again, you’ve fallen for one of my classic
pranks. Bazinga! Well, now here’s a peculiar e-mail. The president of the university wants me to meet
him at his office tomorrow morning at 8 a.m.
Leonard: Why?
Sheldon: It doesn’t say. It must be an emergency. Everyone at the university knows I eat breakfast at
eight and move my bowels at 8:20.
Leonard: Yes, how did we live before Twitter? I guess you’ll find out what it is in the morning.
Sheldon: That’s 14 hours away. For the next 840 minutes, I’m effectively one of Heisenberg’s
particles, I know where I am or I know how fast I’m going, but I can’t know both. Yet how am I
supposed to carry on with this huge annoying thing hovering over my head?
Leonard: Yeah, I know the feeling.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Outside Leonard’s bedroom.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock)
Leonard.
Leonard: Sheldon, it’s two o’clock in the morning.
Sheldon: Why is everybody keep telling me what time it is?

Leonard: Everybody?
Sheldon: You, the president of the university, his wife, their sullen teenage daughter. That entire
family is fascinated by what time it is and whether people know it.
Leonard: You went to President Seibert’s house in the middle of the night?
Sheldon: He didn’t respond to my e-mail, his phone number is unlisted. Tell me what my other option
was.
Leonard: You could have waited until morning. I know, look who I’m talking to.
Sheldon: Do you remember the grant proposal I submitted to the National Science Foundation to
detect slow-moving monopoles at the magnetic North Pole?
Leonard: Hardly a day goes by when I don’t think about it.
Sheldon: Aw, how nice. Well, a space opened up at the last minute on the NSF expedition to the
Arctic Circle.
Leonard: Wait a minute. He offered to send you to the North Pole?
Sheldon: Yes. In fact, he was quite enthusiastic. He said, “Frankly, if I could send you tonight, I
would.”
Leonard: Okay, well, do you want to go?
Sheldon: Of course not. I’m a theoretical physicist, a career I chose in no small part because it’s
indoors, but if I’m able to detect slow-moving magnetic monopoles there, I will be the scientist to
confirm string theory. People will write books about me. Third-graders will create macaroni-art
dioramas depicting scenes from my life.
Leonard: Sure, maybe a tableau of me trying to pummel you to death.
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Leonard: Maybe.
Sheldon: I’m on the horns of a dilemma. Can you imagine me, Sheldon Cooper, at the North Pole?
Leonard: Easy peasy, I’m doing it right now.
Sheldon: I’m not good with cold, Leonard. How often have we had to leave a movie theatre because I
got a headache from drinking the Icee too fast? I can’t go.
Leonard: Well, then don’t go.
Sheldon: How can you say that? The scientific opportunity of a lifetime presents itself and my best
friend says don’t go.
Leonard: All right, then go.

Sheldon: Listen to you. How can I possibly go?
Leonard: Sheldon, what are the words I can say right now to end this conversation and let me go back
to sleep?
Sheldon: Odd, President Seibert posed the exact same question.
Leonard: How was it resolved?
Sheldon: It wasn’t. His wife set their dogs on me and rendered the question moot.
Scene: The stairwell.
Howard: Just imagine. If he says yes, we’ll have an entire summer without Sheldon.
Raj: We could play outside.
Howard: We could sit on the left side of the couch.
Leonard: I could use the bathroom at 8:20.
Raj: Our dreams are very small, aren’t they?
Sheldon: Good news, gentlemen, I have tentatively accepted…
All: Yeah! Woo-hoo!
Sheldon: …the invitation to join the Arctic Expedition.
Leonard: It’s not gonna be the same without you.
Howard: Godspeed.
Sheldon: Thank you, but your sentiments may be premature.
Raj: Ooh, I don’t like where this is going.
Sheldon: I would like to propose that the three of you accompany me.
Howard: To the North Pole?
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: Is this just so we won’t touch your stuff while you’re away?
Sheldon: I’ll admit that was a concern. But the fact is, I’ll need a support team. And the three of you
are my first choice.
Howard: Really?

Sheldon: Well, there are others who might be more qualified, but the thought of interviewing them
gave me a stomach ache. Now, I know I’m proposing an enormous undertaking, so why don’t you
take a few moments to discuss it?
Howard: We’re not really gonna go to the North Pole with him, are we?
Sheldon (voice): I’m still within earshot! You may want to wait for my door to close.
Howard: We’re not really gonna go to the North Pole with him, are we?
Leonard: Hang on. Let’s talk about it. This is a National Science Foundation expedition. I don’t know
how we can turn it down.
Howard: Easy. Instead of saying, no, we don’t want to go on an NSF expedition, say, no, we don’t
want to spend “three months stuck in a cabin in the Arctic Circle with an anal nutbag.”
Raj: But if we were part of the team that confirmed string theory, we could drink for free in any bar in
any college town with a university that has a strong science program.
Leonard: Howard, this is big science. You could be the engineer who builds the equipment that puts
us on the cover of magazines.
Howard: I could also be the engineer who builds the crossbow that kills Sheldon.
Raj: You still might get on a magazine.
Howard: So you guys are seriously considering this?
Leonard: Yes.
Howard: And you think you can put up with Sheldon?
Raj: Well, I’m a Hindu. My religion teaches that if we suffer in this life we are rewarded in the next.
Three months at the North Pole with Sheldon and I’m reborn as a well-hung billionaire with wings!
Sheldon: Well, gentlemen, have you reached a decision?
Leonard: I’m in.
Raj: Me, too.
Howard: Oh, damn it. Peer pressure. Fine.
Sheldon: Excellent. And just an FYI, as I am the expedition’s team leader, protocol dictates that be
phrased fine, sir. But don’t worry, there will be a briefing.
Scene: Outside Penny’s door.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: What do you want?
Sheldon: I need access to the Cheesecake Factory’s walk-in freezer.
Penny: Now, honey, I already told you, the hamburger meat is fresh and stored at a safe temperature.
Sheldon: No. This is to train for a three-month expedition to the magnetic North Pole.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: I don’t know how that sentence could possibly confuse you, but to elaborate, I’m going to
the Arctic Circle with Leonard, Wolowitz and Koothrappali.
Penny: You’re all going?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: For three months?
Sheldon: Yes.
Penny: Excuse me.
Sheldon: Is that a yes or a no on the freezer? The woman has the attention span of a gnat.
Penny: Hey, Leonard.
Leonard: Hi.

Penny: Sheldon says you’re going to the North Pole.
Leonard: Yeah. Pretty cool, huh?
Penny: Yeah. I’m just a little surprised you didn’t tell me.
Leonard: Oh, well, it all happened kind of fast, and we had to get physicals and buy thermal
underwear and study up on, you know, snow and stuff. Sorry, I was gonna tell you.
Penny: Oh, hey, no, you don’t have to apologize. There’s no reason you have to tell me. I was just,
you know, surprised.
Sheldon: Yes, yes, you were busy, you were surprised, all very fascinating. Now where do we stand
on the freezer?
Penny: Is he serious?
Leonard: Actually, it would help.
Penny: All right, I’ll see what I can do. So, three months at the North Pole. Wow, that is awesome.
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: I’m sorry, but at what point do you put this see what you can do plan into action?
Penny: Just a warning, Sheldon, the freezer locks from the outside.
Leonard: Did she seem upset to you?
Sheldon: No. Did she seem upset to you?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Oh, good, I got it right. Are you upset?
Leonard: A little bit.
Sheldon: Two for two. I’m on fire.
Leonard: I mean, I know she’s not my girlfriend or anything, but wouldn’t you think she’d feel a little
bad that I’m going to be gone for the whole summer?
Sheldon: That feels like a bonus question. I’m going to stop here while I’m ahead, but I’ve had a great
time.
Scene: Inside the cheesecake factory freezer.
Sheldon: Alright, now the purpose of this drill is to acclimate us to the use of tools in extreme
temperatures such as we will face in the Arctic Circle.
Raj: Where are your tools?

Sheldon (pointing at his brain): Right here. All right, team, open up your practice kits. As the
university did not permit me to bring the actual equipment we’ll be using to the Cheesecake Factory,
because apparently I’m “ridiculous,” I’ve provided substitutes which will exercise your fine motor
skills. Leonard, you will be doing a series of complex mathematical problems on a vintage Casio
model 1175 calculator watch I received when I won the Earth Science medal in 3rd grade. Treat it
with respect. Raj, you will be painting sideburns and a Van Dyke on a six-inch figurine of Legolas the
elf. Now, remember, a Van Dyke is a goatee without a moustache. Wolowitz, you will be completing
a series of delicate surgical procedures on the classic children’s game, Operation. To begin with, you
will remove funny bone for two hundred dollars.
Howard: For this I went to MIT.
Sheldon: And begin.
Raj: I think I swallowed some paint!
Leonard: I can’t press any of the buttons with my gloves. Oh, son of a bitch!
Sheldon: Adversity is to be expected. Continue.
Howard: Oh, boy, am I gonna get sued.
Leonard: Okay, I can’t do this.
Raj: Me either.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, use your imagination. Innovate. Did Han Solo let Luke Skywalker freeze to
death on the ice planet of Hoth? No. He cut open a tauntaun and used its internal body heat to warm
him up.
Howard: You heard the man. Hold him down and I’ll cut him open.
Leonard: Hang on, I know I don’t possess the tools of leadership, but I don’t understand why we can’t
assemble the equipment inside the hut and then take it outside.
Sheldon: I hadn’t thought of that. I guess we’re done here.
Scene: The apartment kitchen.
Sheldon: Here, drink slash eat this.
Leonard: What is it?
Sheldon: It’s hot chocolate with a stick of butter.
Howard: Okay, why?
Sheldon: Because in the frigid temperatures in the Arctic, we need to consume at least 5,000 calories a
day just to maintain our body weight.
Leonard: Sheldon, you know I can’t eat butter. I’m lactose intolerant.

Sheldon: Way ahead of you, that’s an “I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter” stick.
Raj (on his webcam): But mummy, all the other guys are going to the North Pole.
Mrs Koothrappali: I don’t care what the other guys are doing. If the other guys jumped in the Bay of
Bengal and tried to swim to Sri Lanka, would you follow them?
Raj: If you were standing behind me nagging, I might.
Dr Koothrappali: Don’t talk back to your mother. This trip is much too dangerous, Rajesh.
Raj: No, it’s not. Howard, tell them.
Howard: Doctor and Mrs. Koothrappali, namaste. I understand your concern, but if it’ll make you feel
any better, my mother is fine with me going, and this is a woman who kept a safety rail on my bed
until I was 17.
Mrs Koothrappali: So, she has no problem with her son being eaten by a walrus?
Sheldon: That’s very unlikely, Mrs. Koothrappali. If Raj dies, it’ll be from frostbite, gangrene, acute
sunburn or being ripped to shreds by a fifteen hundred pound polar bear.
Howard: Ma, I’m putting you on speakerphone with Raj’s parents. Can you tell them that you’re okay
with me going to the Arctic?
Howard’s Mother: Arctic? I thought you said Arkansas!
Howard: I didn’t say that. You never listen to me!
Howard’s Mother: He doesn’t tell me anything! He lives a secret life because he’s ashamed!
Penny (arriving): Hey, Leonard, can I talk to you for a sec?
Leonard: Sure, but let’s go out here where there’s a little less yelling and guilt. What’s up?
Penny: Well, I got you a little going away present.
Leonard: Oh, a blanket.
Penny: Oh, no, no, no, not just a blanket. See, it has sleeves. Yeah! So, you can, you know, be all
snoodled up while you do your science stuff.
Leonard: Oh, wow, cool.
Penny: Oh, I’m gonna miss you. (She hugs him for a long time) See you later.
Leonard: Bye.
Mrs Koothrappali: I told you no. Why don’t you believe me?

Howard’s Mother: ‘Cause it doesn’t make sense to me! How can it be that in the entire country of
India, there isn’t one Outback Steakhouse?!
Scene: Sheldon’s bedroom. Sheldon is asleep. There is a knock on the door.
Leonard: Sheldon, Sheldon?
Sheldon: I want a cookie, Meemaw.
Leonard: Sheldon, it’s me.
Sheldon: But Meemaw just made cookies.
Leonard: Listen, I don’t know if I can go on the expedition.
Sheldon: What?
Leonard: I don’t think I can go to the North Pole.
Sheldon: Okay, Leonard, I know you’re concerned about disappointing me but I want you to take
comfort from the knowledge that my expectations of you are very low.
Leonard: Yeah, that’s very comforting.
Sheldon: Comforting is a part of leadership. It’s not a part I care for, but such is my burden.
Leonard: Terrific, it’s just that I don’t think Penny wants me to go.
Sheldon: Assuming that’s a valid reason not to go, which it isn’t, how do you know this? Did she say
it?
Leonard: Not exactly. But she said she was gonna miss me and she gave me this.
Sheldon: What is it?
Leonard: It’s a blanket with sleeves.
Sheldon: Oh, that’s clever. Let me see if I understand this correctly. Her missing you is an emotional
state you find desirable?
Leonard: Yes, obviously.
Sheldon: All right. Well, given that missing you is predicated on you leaving, logic dictates you must
leave.
Leonard: Yes, okay, but I’m gonna be gone for three months. What if she doesn’t miss me that long
and she meets someone else?
Sheldon: She does have a short attention span.
Leonard: So, I can’t go.

Sheldon: Leonard, you may be right. It appears that Penny secretly wants you in her life in a very
intimate and carnal fashion.
Leonard: You really think so?
Sheldon: Of course not. Even in my sleep-deprived state, I’ve managed to pull off another one of my
classic pranks. Bazinga!
Scene: Outside Penny’s door. Leonard is knocking.
Penny: Oh, Leonard, what time is it?
Leonard: It’s 7 a.m. I’m sorry it’s early, but we’re leaving soon, and I needed to talk to you.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: What did you mean when you said you’re going to miss me?
Penny: Um, I don’t know. You’ll be gone and I’ll notice.
Leonard (indicating the blanket): Okay, well, um, what about this? What does this mean?
Penny: Wine, credit card and late night television are a bad combination.
Leonard: All right, fine. What about that really long hug? What did that mean?
Penny: That wasn’t a long hug.
Leonard: It was at least five Mississippis. A standard hug is two Mississippis tops.
Penny: Leonard, I don’t know what to tell you. It was just a hug.
Leonard: Glad we cleared that up.
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: I guess I’ll see you.
Penny: Okay, have a safe trip.
Leonard: Thank you. Bye.
Penny: Okay, bye. (Penny closes door. To herself) Means I wish you weren’t going.
Scene: The North Pole.
Leonard: Damn it.
Howard: What?
Leonard: We’re out of ice.

Sheldon: All right, men, we begin initial assembly and deployment of the testing equipment starting
tomorrow at 0700 hours, but until then, you are all off duty. I suggest you keep the shenanigans to a
minimum as medical help is 18 hours away by dogsled.
Raj: What are you working on?
Howard: Crossbow.
Leonard: Hey, guys, can I just say something? How about we take a moment to think about where we
are right now? This is literally the top of the world. Only a handful of people in all of human history
will ever see what we are going to see.
Raj: He’s right.
Howard: Yeah, wow.
Sheldon: It is remarkable.
Raj: So, who’s up for a movie?
Howard: Good idea, what do you think? Ice Station Zebra or John Carpenter’s The Thing?
Raj: I say double feature.
Leonard: Dinner’s ready!
Sheldon: What are we having?
Leonard: Reconstituted Thai food.
Sheldon: Did you bring the dehydrated low-sodium soy sauce?
Leonard: Check.
Sheldon: Freeze-dried spicy mustard?
Leonard: Check.
Sheldon: Flash-frozen brown rice, not white?
Leonard: Uh, oh, sorry.
Sheldon: Not to worry. I hid it. Bazinga! You’re in my spot.
Howard: There’s no time for a crossbow. Find me an icicle.
Sheldon: Three months. This is gonna be great!

